NATIONAL MASTER
UNITED PARCEL SERVICE
AGREEMENT
and
ATLANTIC AREA
Supplemental Agreement
For The Period:
August 1, 2023
through July 31, 2028

Atlantic Area
and
UNITED PARCEL SERVICE
Supplemental Agreement
to the
NATIONAL MASTER
UNITED PARCEL SERVICE
AGREEMENT
For The Period
August 1, 2023
through July 31, 2028

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE
ATLANTIC AREA
SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
For The Period
August 1, 2023 through July 31, 2028
ATLANTIC AREA SUPPLEMENT
This Supplement to the National Master United Parcel Service
Agreement shall apply to all United Parcel Service employees
working in the classifications set forth in the Wage Schedule and
within the jurisdiction of Locals 22, 29, 61, 71, 171, 175, 322, 355,
391, 453, 509, 639, 697, 822 and 992. Except as provided herein,
the provisions of the National Master UPS Agreement shall prevail.
ARTICLE 46—ACQUISITION OF SENIORITY
Section 1
A new employee shall work under the provisions of this Agreement
but shall be employed only on a thirty (30) working day trial basis,
except for package car drivers as provided below, during which
period they may be discharged without further re course, provided,
however, that the Employer may not discharge or discipline for the
purpose of evading this Agreement or discrimi nating against Union
members. After working thirty (30) days within a ninety (90) consecutive day period, the employee shall be placed on the regular
seniority list and their seniority date shall be the first day worked
within any ninety (90) day period of their employ ment. The Employee shall be placed on the seniority list of the classification in

which they worked. In case of discipline within the probationary
period, the Employer shall notify the Local Union in writing.
Time worked from November 1 through December 31 of each year
shall not accrue towards seniority. Any employee who is retained
after December 31 or recalled within sixty (60) days after December 31 must work thirty (30) days in a ninety (90) consecutive day
period commencing with the first day worked after December 31.
However, those employees hired prior to November 1 and retained
after December 31 or recalled within sixty (60) days will retain
credit for the number of days worked prior to November 1. These
days retained will count towards the thirty (30) days worked in a
ninety (90) consecutive day period commencing with the first day
worked after December 31. November and December shall not be
used in computing the ninety (90) consecutive day period. These
employees shall acquire seniority as of the date of their original
employment. Seasonal employees hired from outside sources prior
to November 1 and retained after December 31, will retain credit
for the number of days worked prior to November 1. These days
retained will count towards the thirty (30) days worked in a ninety
(90) consecutive day period commencing with the first day worked
after December 31, and their seniority dates shall be the first day
worked after December 31. Seasonal employees, when hired, shall
be notified they are seasonal. Upon request, the Employer will provide a list of peak season employees to the Local Union.
For package car drivers only, any reference to thirty (30) days in a
ninety (90) consecutive day period in this Article, will be replaced
with forty (40) days in a one-hundred (100) consecutive day period.
Attendance at orientation meetings, not to extend beyond five (5)
days, shall not count as working days. After successfully qualifying
within the ninety (90) consecutive day period, these employees
shall acquire seniority as of the first day of orientation. Orientation
pay for non-seniority employees shall be paid in accordance with
the start rate as outlined in Article 22, Section 5 of the National
Master Agreement for these em ployees for all hours worked, except that actual work performed within the classification will be
paid at the appropriate contract rate. Current seniority employees

who successfully complete the five (5) day orientation shall be paid
the start rate as outlined in Article 41 Section 2. The Company
agrees that employees shall be reimbursed any expenses above normal if they are required to travel out of town for orientation including travel expenses, motel, meals, etc. Meal costs shall not exceed
amounts listed in Article 59.
If employees are hired through an employment agency, the Employer shall pay the employment agency fee.
Where two (2) or more employees have the same starting date, then
the one who achieved the thirtieth (30th) workday first shall go
ahead on the seniority list. If still tied, the date of employment application shall govern, and if still tied, seniority order shall be decided by coin toss.
An employee hired prior to November 1 to fill vacancies created by
a full-time employee who quits, retires or is terminated for any reason and who is retained after December 3l or who is recalled within
sixty (60) days will retain credit for the number of days worked
prior to November 1 and shall acquire seniority as of the date of
original employment and upon acquiring seniority shall receive pay
for holidays as provided in Article 54 of this Agreement that they
would not have been entitled to had they not been retained or recalled as specified above. It is further understood that health and
welfare contributions will be made retroactive.
Section 2
The work of supervisors will not include assignments to work normally performed by employees in the bargaining unit, except for
the purpose of training and demonstration. Supervisors shall follow
UPS Training-Demonstration methods in instructing employees.
The Company will furnish each Local Union, upon request, a copy
of United Parcel Service Training and Demonstrating Methods. Supervisors will not perform bargaining unit work until after all reasonable efforts have been exhausted to have the work covered.
Reasonable efforts shall include calling the Local Union for qualified personnel.

ARTICLE 47—SENIORITY FOR
SHOP STEWARDS
All Local Unions party to this Agreement will notify the Employer
in writing, within thirty (30) days following the ratification of this
Agreement, as to their policy regarding seniority of shop stewards.
The stated policy shall prevail for the duration of this Agreement.
This Article shall not override any local, state or federal law.
ARTICLE 48—SENIORITY
Section 1—General
Seniority, as measured by length of continuous service with the
Company, shall prevail at all times.
The Employer agrees to post an updated seniority list quarterly
(January, April, July, October), in each center for that center. If no
protest is made within a thirty (30) day period, the list shall stand as
correct. A copy of the seniority list will be sent to the Local Union
at the time of posting.
Seniority shall be broken only by discharge, voluntary quit, layoff
for a period of three (3) years from last date of employment, failure
to respond to notice of recall or unauthorized leave of absence, or
failure to notify Employer for a period of three (3) consecutive
working days. This language will not override proven emergencies.
Section 2—Layoff and Recall
When it becomes necessary to reduce the working force, the last
employee on the center seniority list shall be laid off first and when
the force is again increased, the employees shall be returned to
work in the reverse order in which they were laid off, providing
they still maintain seniority as described herein, and further providing the employees recalled at the time of recall from layoff must be
qualified to perform the work required. In a building where there
are two or more package centers, the affected driver may displace
the least senior driver in the building.

Voluntary time off will be offered in seniority order in each center.
The Employer agrees to give full-time seniority employees a seven
(7) calendar day notice of intended layoff in writing with a copy to
the Local Union. Agreed upon notices of layoff do not apply during
a declared emergency.
An emergency occurs where conditions beyond the Employer’s
control compel interruptions or delays in operations caused by
strikes, sleet or snow, ice or flood or similar catastrophe.
One day unwritten notice is required for layoff of less than fourteen
(14) days. The Company is obligated to give as much notice as
possible. Except for employees who do not have a telephone, the
Company is obligated where possible and as soon as possible, to
attempt to notify employees when an emergency occurs beyond its
control. Notice must be given before the employee’s regular starting time. The Company shall be deemed to have fulfilled its obligation when an employee is called and does not answer the telephone.
In the event of an emergency, available work shall be performed in
seniority order by employees normally assigned to that work and
that starting time within the classification.
Recall from layoff of over fourteen (14) days will be by certified
mail to the employee’s last known address with a copy to the Local
Union, after a telephone attempt to the employee. Employees being
recalled will have seven (7) calendar days to notify the Company of
their intention to return to work and seven (7) calendar days to report following notification.
In the event the employee fails to comply with the above, they shall
lose all seniority rights under this Agreement.
After following the Atlantic Area reduction of force procedure, the
following shall apply:
After a one (1) day layoff, full-time seniority employees who may
be subject to layoff may in the order of their seniority elect to take
the work of part-time employees, if any, for the duration of the

layoff provided the full-time employee has more Company seniority than the part-time employee being displaced.
In such case, the employee will be provided with eight (8) continuous hours of work (unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the
Company and the Union) at the appropriate rate for the classification of work performed, except that:
A. If the laid off employee displaces a part-time employee and continues to perform the same work as their full-time assignment, they
will continue to receive their regular wage rate.
B. If in the building there is a part-time employee receiving a higher wage rate than the rate of the displaced part-time employee(s),
the full-time employee will receive such higher rate. However, if as
a result of C below, another laid off employee receives more than
the employee covered herein; this employee will receive the same
rate as the employee covered in C.
C. Employee(s) in progression will continue to receive their regular
rate of pay.
D. The two (2) most junior employees in each center hired after
ratification will be guaranteed eight (8) hours per day which may or
may not be continuous.
The provisions of this Section shall not apply:
1. During the first three (3) days of emergencies beyond the Employer’s control such as fire, flood, snow storm, power failure,
T.O.F.C. delays.
2. During strikes against UPS or other companies which require a
reduction of the work force.
Section 3—Full-Time Inside Jobs
A. A schedule of all starting times within each classification, by
center, shall be posted for bid on the first (lst) Monday in April and
shall remain posted for three (3) weeks.

The first (lst) week of posting shall be for employees’ review.
During the second (2nd) and third (3rd) weeks, employees will select jobs in seniority order. A total of ten percent (10%) of the employees will bid each day of the bidding process. Once an employee
has bid such employee will not be permitted to change their bid. All
employees shall bid on their assigned day; otherwise their selection
will be made from the jobs available at the time of their bid.
All bids will be written and will be posted at one designated point
in each building. Upon request, the Company will provide the
Union with copies of the completed bid sheets.
Employees in each classification including Article 22, Section 3, fulltime inside only, shall, in the order of their seniority, have the right to
bid starting times within their own classification from the schedule
posted. (For the purposes of clarification, full-time air and full-time
air combination employees shall bid from their own sen iority list.)
Such bid will be held until the schedule is posted the following April.
Full-time 22.3 bids shall include a start time and shift description including, but not limited to carwash/hub, hub/preload, preload/air, etc.
The schedule of starting times shall become effective by the first
Monday in May unless otherwise mutually agreed.
B. In the event of changes in starting times exceeding one (1) hour,
employees in those classifications in the order of their overall seniority within the operating center shall be permitted to select such
jobs. In the event that no employee within the classification elects
to fill the new starting time the least senior employee in that classification will be required to fill the new starting time. In the event an
employee elects to select such starting time and this results in a
starting time where there is again a spread of over one (1) hour, the
same procedure shall be followed.
Starting time changes exceeding one (1) hour in November and December shall not be subject to the job bidding procedure. If the new

starting times become permanent they shall be posted for bid during
January.
C. During the year between the postings of the schedule, full-time
inside seniority employees in order of their seniority shall have the
right to move to another shift within the same building when a new
permanent full-time job or vacancy occurs. The Employer will fill
the third opening which results from the above procedure. The employee shall be limited to one (1) move each year, however, this
shall not limit advancement to a higher rated position. In addition,
part-time employees successfully bidding on full-time 22.3 jobs
shall be precluded from bidding to a different 22.3 job until completion of the full-time progression. This restriction shall not apply
during the annual bid. This procedure shall also apply to any fulltime employee who is hired off the street to fill a 22.3 job. If as a
result of the Article 48 bid procedure a 22.2 opening that otherwise
would be offered to part-time employees or filled by the Company
will first be offered to all eligible employees who hold 22.3 fulltime jobs within the building. The opening created by this move
will then follow the respective bid language and be filled by parttime employees or by the Company.
All employees, including those who are red circled wage employees, who elect to bid to a lower paying wage classification shall
receive the rate of pay for the classification to which they bid.
Those employees who are red circled wage employees will lose the
protection of the red circle wage if they bid to a lower paying wage
classification.
Should the employee transfer from a job covered under Article 22,
Section 2, to another job covered under Article 22, Section 2, the
employee will continue to receive the protection as outlined in that
Article.
An Article 22, Section 3 full-time employee with a protected wage
rate which is higher than the contractual rate shall not lose such
protected inside rate as a result of bidding to another Article 22,

Section 3 inside job. This protection applies only to the inside portion of their job.
D. The Company will recognize seniority within the full-time work
group when it becomes necessary to temporarily move full-time
in side and full-time combination employees (who are working the
in side portion of their assignment) to another area. Employee must
be qualified to perform the work. In no event, may employees displace other employees who have not completed their assignment.
Section 4—New Jobs or Vacancies
A. During the year between postings of the schedule, employees in
the order of their seniority shall have the right to move into a classification when a new permanent job or vacancy occurs in such
classifications in the center or building, provided the employee is
qualified to perform such job.
Full-time inside employees who bid out to driving jobs and fail to
qualify as drivers shall not be eligible to come out again until all
other full-time inside employees shall have had an opportunity to
qualify as drivers.
B. A permanent job is defined as one that has been in existence for
thirty (30) working days, except that all jobs added in November
and December shall not be subject to bid. Those jobs, if they become
permanent, shall be posted for bid during the first week of January.
New permanent jobs and/or vacancies shall be posted for a period
of seven (7) working days and awarded within the next seven (7)
working days.
Section 5—Package Area Bids
A. There shall be area bids for all full-time package delivery drivers
in accordance with Section (3A) above. These bids shall be posted
annually on the second Monday in February. All bids will have
route numbers and start times. Delivery drivers in the order of their
seniority shall be permitted the opportunity to bid the area of their
choice within their center. Such area bid shall not be considered as

a move for the purpose of a bid on a new vacancy as out lined in
Section 6(A).
Such bids will be posted in each center and will remain posted for
three (3) weeks. The first (1st) week of posting will be for employee review. During the second (2nd) and third (3rd) weeks the employees shall bid “in seniority order”. A total of ten percent (10%)
of the employees will bid each day. All employees shall bid on their
assigned day; otherwise their bid will be made from the areas available at the time of their bid.
All package delivery drivers shall be placed on their bid route within sixty (60) calendar days following the completion of the bid.
Package drivers who did not exercise a bid or drivers who are removed from their bid training route will work as cover drivers.
The primary job of these employees is to cover vacations or absences of a week or more in duration.
These package cover drivers must select such work in seniority order. This selection will be completed by Thursday for the following
weeks to be covered. Example: Driver Smith on vacation for one
(1) or more weeks. Cover driver Brown selects to cover Smith’s
vacation. Brown must cover for duration of vacation(s). Once cover
work is selected, the cover driver must complete the work schedule
selected prior to making another selection.
Cover drivers who are not covering an absence of a week or more
in duration, in seniority order, will have the opportunity to select
their workweek schedule on Thursday for the following week. The
top fifteen percent (15%) (rounding up, with a minimum of one (1))
of unassigned cover drivers will have the opportunity to select daily open work in seniority order.
Any cover driver who does not receive a start time and is not in the
top fifteen percent (15%) as outlined in the paragraph above for the
following week will be assigned any work in the classification or be
subject to the appropriate layoff Article.

All bids will be written and will be posted at one designated point
in each building. Upon request, the Company will provide the
Union with copies of the completed bid sheets.
Section 6— (Package) New Jobs and/or Permanent
Vacancies
A. Package drivers shall be given the preference to select in their
building, based on seniority, permanent vacancies or when a permanent new area is established. The employee shall be limited to
one move each year. In the event of an emergency or possible service delay, the Company may temporarily reassign the driver another area within the center. The vacancy created by this move shall
be filled by the Company. After ratification, all employees obtaining a package driver position are required to remain in the classification for two (2) years.
All permanent vacancies and permanent new areas shall be bid by
seniority to all package drivers in that building. If not filled or this
creates another vacancy, such vacancy shall be bid by seniority in
the building including any tractor trailer driver who meets the requirements of this Agreement and has expressed in writing their
desire to bid back to package. The vacancy created by this move
shall be filled by the Company. It is agreed by the parties that permanent vacancies, including all package cover drivers, shall be replaced with full-time employees at the time of the vacancy pursuant
to the bidding procedure as outlined in this section. When a package driver’s bid area is geographically permanently (thirty (30) calendar days) changed by fifty percent (50%) or more, the driver will
have the option to choose which portion of the delivery area they
will keep, excluding November and December.
During the year between posting of the schedule, Package Pickup
and Delivery Drivers in the order of their seniority shall have the
right to move to another center within the same building when a
new permanent job or vacancy occurs. The Employer will fill the
third opening which results from the above procedure. The employee shall be limited to one move each year. The Company will
designate training areas in each center, not to exceed fifteen per cent
(15%) of the total areas in each center. Once a route has been designated and bid as a training route, it will not be changed prior to
the next bid.
If there is a claim that a single training route is being utilized excessively without utilizing the other training routes in the center, the
driver who holds the bid may file a grievance. If the parties are
unable to settle the grievance, it shall be referred directly to the Co-
Chairs of the AAPGC for resolution.
A permanent job is defined as one that has been in existence for
thirty (30) working days, except that all jobs added in November
and December shall not be subject to bid. Those jobs if they become permanent, shall be posted for bid during the first week of
January.
The Company will award each bid within a maximum of thirty (30)
calendar days from the end of the bidding procedure unless otherwise mutually agreed to between the Company and the Local Union.
Employees do not have the right to select any specific unit, load or
route, except in Section 5.
B. When a package driver’s area is eliminated such employee may
displace any junior employee in their classification in their center.
The employee displaced by this move may displace any junior employee in their classification in their center. The employee displaced by this move will replace the least senior employee in that
classification in the building.
When a package driver’s area is temporarily eliminated the affected
driver will be allowed to displace the least senior unassigned cover
driver or they will be allowed to select in seniority order any unassigned area within the center, provided the employee is qualified
and service will not be disrupted.
C. Excluding November and December, permanent start time
changes of one (1) or more hours will be subject to bid by all seniority package drivers in the center. If no driver elects to fill the new
start time, then the least senior cover driver must fill the opening.

Employees who lose their package driving jobs by this move, after
a layoff of thirty (30) working days within a sixty (60) working day
period, will be allowed to move to a permanent new job or permanent vacancy in that classification in the Local Union area’s jurisdiction, within the district before hiring a new employee for that job.
An employee will be allowed this move once during the life of the
Agreement. This employee will be placed at the bottom of the seniority list of the new building, but will maintain seniority only for
benefits. The employee must return to their previous job if it becomes available within six (6) months of the date of layoff. The
employee who moves shall be permitted to return to the original
building if a permanent job opening becomes available within a
three (3) year period from the date of layoff. The opportunity to return will only be offered once. Should employees return under these
provisions they shall regain their original full-time seniority date.
This provision shall supersede the present 6 for 1 language.
This provision shall not apply to those employees who have elected
not to follow work as outlined in Article 48, Section 11.
Section 7—Tractor-Trailer Bids
A. Twice each year on March 1st and September 1st, all trac tortrailer runs (time and farthest destination) will be posted for bid and
will remain posted for three (3) weeks.
The first (1st) week of posting will be for employees’ review.
During the second (2nd) and third (3rd) weeks, employees will select jobs or pass the bid; however, all bids must be filled. Drivers
passing the bid will perform available tractor-trailer work in seniority order. A total of ten percent (10%) of the employees will bid
each day of the bid process. Once an employee has bid, such employee will not be permitted to change their bid. All employees
shall bid on their assigned day; otherwise their bid will be made
from the jobs available at the time of their bid.
The March lst and September 1st bids in the tractor-trailer center
will be subject to bid by all present tractor­trailer drivers on the

tractor-trailer seniority list. Runs will be awarded according to seniority and will become effective the first Monday thereafter.
B. When a vacancy or a new permanent job occurs in the Tractor-Trailer Driver Classification employees in that classification, in
the order of their overall seniority within the operation center, shall
be permitted to select such job. If this creates another vacancy of a
bid tractor-trailer run, employees in that classification, in the order
of their seniority within the operation center, shall be permitted to
select such job. If accepted, the vacancy created shall be filled from
the qualified Tractor-Trailer Driver List. In the event that no tractor-trailer driver presently in that classification or anyone on the
qualified list elects to fill the opening, the least senior employee on
the qualified Tractor-Trailer Driver List will be required to fill the
opening. This vacancy will be filled by the Employer.
A permanent job is defined as one that has been in existence for
thirty (30) working days, except that all jobs added in November
and December shall not be subject to bid. Those jobs, if they become
permanent, shall be posted for bid during the first week of January.
All bids will be written and will be posted at one designated point
in each building. The Company shall provide copies of all tractor-trailer bids to the Local Union, upon request.
Section 8—Tractor-Trailer Layoff—Recall
A. Temporary reductions such as those experienced after Christmas, shall not interrupt the semi-annual bids. Seniority employees
shall be provided work within the tractor-trailer classification until
their bid job returns. The bottom employee on the tractor-trailer
seniority list shall perform available work as assigned until the
work force is increased or be subject to appropriate layoff Article.
B. Should an employee’s bid run not operate on some particular day
when it normally would, due to an emergency, the employee will be
paid for that day unless notified by the Company before the employee’s scheduled start time that the run will not operate.

C. In locations where no Local Agreement exists the following language shall apply: except as provided in D below, if a run is permanently discontinued, the employee who had that run may choose
according to seniority any run in the employee’s seniority center, or
go on the Super Qualified List. The employee displaced by this
move may choose any other run in the employee’s seniority center
or go on the Super Qualified List and so on, until the least senior
feeder driver is displaced. The process must be completed two (2)
weeks from the initial move. This process will not be intentionally
delayed for any reason.
D. In November and December only, if a run is permanently discontinued, the employee who had that run may choose according to
seniority any run in the employee’s seniority center, or go on the
Super Qualified List. The employee displaced by this move may
choose any other run in the employee’s seniority center or go on the
Super Qualified List.
The employee displaced by this move may choose any other run in
the employee’s seniority center or go on the Super Qualified List.
The employee displaced by this move may choose any other run in
the employee’s seniority center or go on the Super Qualified List.
The employee displaced by this move will displace the bottom person on the tractor-trailer center seniority list, or be subject to the
appropriate layoff Article.
For the purpose of this Agreement, a permanently discontinued run
is one that has not operated for fourteen (14) calendar days.
When a tractor-trailer driver loses their bid run as a result of the
above they will be placed on the “Super Qualified List”. This employee will be protected from displacement by present qualified list
employees regardless of seniority standing. These employees will
be allowed to pass any work to a junior Super Qualified List driver
and select daily work in seniority order.

If no tractor-trailer work is available, the employee on the Super
Qualified List may elect to displace the most junior employee
working in the tractor-trailer classification until such time work is
available.
Once the employee goes on the Super Qualified List, they will have
a choice of the following options:
1. Displace one (1) or more part-time employees (as provided in
Article 63, Section 7).
2. Displace the junior package driver provided the employee has
more seniority (if not qualified will be trained as provided in this
Agreement).
3. Remain on the Super Qualified List and be offered work in the
tractor-trailer classification ahead of those employees on the Qualified List (such work could be vacations, personal holidays, sick
days, overflows, coverage, etc.).
These employees will be required to return to the tractor­trailer
classification when a vacancy or new permanent job becomes available prior to those jobs being offered to the Qualified List.
A laid off tractor-trailer driver who has never driven a package car
or route shall be considered not qualified as a package driver. Such
tractor-trailer driver will be trained to be a package driver. If more
than one tractor-trailer driver is laid off the senior laid off trac tortrailer driver will be trained first. When that training is finished, the
next most senior tractor-trailer driver on layoff will be trained. This
training will occur provided the laid off tractor-trailer drivers have
more seniority than package drivers still working in the center. After completing package training and regular work be comes available in the tractor-trailer classification, the laid off tractor-trailer
driver must return to their original classification. While training,
this employee will be offered no work in trac tor-trailers unless fulltime work becomes available. After train ing, the employee will
work in package and retain their position on the Super “Q” List.

E. In the event a tractor-trailer bid run is changed by one (1) or
more hours, or the work week is changed, as example; (Monday
through Friday to Tuesday through Saturday, etc.), or if the employee’s work week is changed from a four (4) ten (10) hour days to a
five (5) eight (8) hour days, or from a work week of five (5) eight
(8) hour days to a four (4) ten (10) hour days it will be considered a
cancellation and shall be posted for bid. The affected employee
shall have the right to exercise their seniority as outlined in Arti cle
48, Section 8(C).
Section 9—Tractor-Trailer Cover Jobs
Coverage jobs shall be bid by tractor-trailer center bid employees at
the semi-annual bid by seniority. This number will be subject to
adjustment as the need for vacation cover in the classification increases or decreases.
The number of vacation cover jobs will not exceed fifteen percent
(15%) of the bid jobs. Tractor-trailer drivers who bid on trac tortrailer vacation cover jobs must select such jobs in seniority order
on Thursday of each week for the following week.
The primary job of these employees is to cover absences due to
vacations.
Vacation cover drivers may pass vacation cover work to a junior
vacation cover driver and select daily work in seniority order.
Any vacation cover driver who does not receive a regular start time
for the following week will perform any work in the classification
or be subject to the appropriate layoff Article.
Section 10—Tractor-Trailer Qualifying School
Full­time employees will be allowed to attend any tractor­trailer
qualifying school within the district by Local Union. Priority to fill
these slots shall be by center/building that needs tractor-trailer drivers. Open slots will be filled by seniority from the list of employees
who meet the requirements and signed the list. An employee that
signs a list to attend tractor-trailer qualifying school and does not

attend for any reason will not be allowed to attend another school for
a period of two (2) years. If disqualified by the Company, the employee can attend the school after one (1) year. Consideration will be
made for an employee with a legitimate emergency.
Full-time employees who are interested in qualifying as tractortrail er drivers shall so notify the Employer. Such employees, in the
building or area, by mutual agreement between Company and
Union, in seniority order, will be permitted to attend, on their own
time, the Employer training program which will be established
peri odically when the Employer determines there is a need to qualify additional tractor-trailer drivers for the building. (Unless otherwise mutually agreed, lists for the Employer’s training programs
shall normally be posted not earlier than three (3) months before
the school and include the dates of the training program and the
number of the employees anticipated to be trained.) Letters of
Understand ing regarding transfer between buildings, where applicable, shall apply. Absent a Letter of Understanding, the following
shall apply: In the event that no eligible full-time employee elects
to qualify, qualified part-time employees in that building will be
afforded the opportunity to fill the full-time qualified position prior
to hiring from outside sources. Such employees will be considered
new ly-hired full-time employee(s) and will be placed on the fulltime qualified list as a full-time employee upon successfully completing the required training and will receive all full-time benefits.
In the employee’s first thirty (30) working day period beginning
with the first (1st) day of training, should the employee disqualify
themself or should the Company disqualify the employee for reasons that any newly-hired employee would be disqualified, the employee will return to their former part-time position with all parttime seniority and benefits. A good driving record, the age of 25,
valid CDL and present or future required state or federal government license re quirements and other Employer standards shall be a
prerequisite to such training. Age 25 is primary but in cases where
employees are not available at age 25, the Company may, in certain
circumstances, waive that requirement, provided those employees
meet all other requirements. The Employer agrees to furnish the
instructors and the necessary equipment. New tractor-trailer openings will be filled from the list of qualified employees. In the event
no employee on the list of qualified employees elects to fill an

opening, the least senior employee on the list of qualified employees for tractor-trailer drivers must fill the opening. After filling a
permanent opening, such em ployee shall exercise all of their seniority in the tractor-trailer classifi cation. Tractor-trailer drivers
shall work as directed, including but not limited to, loading, unloading, sorting and performing yard work in any operation center
irrespective of domicile.
Those employees on the building Tractor-Trailer Qualified List will
be used, in seniority order, to fill tractor-trailer coverage jobs, except during the month of December.
The building Tractor-Trailer Qualified List will be used in seniority
order to fill tractor-trailer coverage jobs. Any qualified list driver
who has worked in the tractor-trailer classification during the
month of November shall be eligible to work in that classification
in the month of December for that year. The Qualified List will be
maintained at a sufficient number of employees to provide trac tortrailer coverage as required. The qualified list shall be main tained at
no less than fifteen percent (15%) of the total number of bid feeder
runs where the center’s bid runs exceeds ninety (90).
Those employees will be dovetailed into the tractor­trailer seniority
list for vacation selection only at the time of the vacation bid.
After being on the Tractor-Trailer Qualified List for two (2) years or
more, an employee may remove their name from the Qualified List
and will not be offered any work in the tractor-trailer classification.
After being in the tractor-trailer classification for two (2) years or
more, employees may bid into a lower paying classification when a
vacancy or new job occurs, provided they are qualified. After
accepti ng a job in the lower paying classification, the employee shall
be removed from the Qualified List. However, such employee may
request to be put back on the Qualified List at a later date providing
they still meet all necessary requirements. Should the employee, after being on the Qualified List for two (2) years or more, desire to
remove their name from the Qualified List they will not be offered
any work in the tractor-trailer classification, and, in addition, they

will not be permitted to bid into either the tractor­trailer center or the
Tract or-Trailer Qualified List for a period of two (2) years.
Employees who desire to add or delete their names from the Qualified List, or move from the Tractor and Trailer Classification to
another classification are required to make the request in writing
with a copy from the employee to the Local Union.
The Employer may require requalification.
Except as otherwise provided above, bidding shall be on a Center
basis. Employees do not have the right to select any specific unit,
load or route, except as otherwise provided.
Section 11—Opening, Closing or Partial Closing
Opening, closing or partial closing of operating centers covered by
this Agreement:
Whenever a center or hub is closed or partially closed and the work
is transferred to or absorbed by another center or hub, those employees whose jobs are actually transferred may either follow their
work and have their seniority dovetailed in the new center or be
allowed to exercise their seniority. Part-time employees shall be
entitled to follow the part-time work under the same procedure,
including the return procedure.
A. Partial center or hub opening or closing, the following proce dure
shall apply:
1. The employee affected may displace any junior employee in the
center.
2. The employee displaced by this move may displace any junior
employee in the center.
3. The employee affected by that move shall displace the least senior employee in their classification within the building.
B. Total closing of center or hub, the following procedure shall apply:

1. The employee affected may displace any junior employee in
their classification within the building.
2. The employee affected by that move may displace any junior
employee in their classification within the building.
3. The employee affected by that move shall displace the least senior employee in their classification within the building.
If any of the employees whose work is transferred elect not to follow their work then the remaining employees in the classification
within the building in which the work was transferred may elect in
seniority order to follow the transferred work and have their seniority dovetailed in the new center or hub. Such work must remain in
the new center for at least thirty (30) working days to become a
permanent transfer.
a permanent transfer as outlined above.
If the least senior employees in the classification as outlined in A.3
and B.3 above, elect not to fill the remaining vacancies, the employees may elect to take the work of part-time workers, if any, for
the duration of the layoff. In such cases, the full-time seniority employees will be guaranteed three and one-half (3 1/2) hours work at
the appropriate rate of pay for the work performed. If the least senior employees elect not to fill the remaining vacancies, and elect
not to take the work of part-time employees, the Company will
consider them as laid off employees for the purpose of unemployment compensation.
If, as a result of this move, there are employees who notified the
Company prior to the move that they wished to move, but were not
afforded the opportunity, such employees will have the right to take
the next available permanent opening within their classification in
the new center within a six (6) month period after the move.
If an operating center is closed or partially closed and later reopened, the employees affected in the original closing shall have

the right to return to that center up to a period of three (3) years
from the date of the time the center was first closed.
Employees who follow their work shall be permitted to return to
the original building as job openings become available within a
three (3) year period.
Section 12—Merger, Sale or Lease of Operations
While it is not the policy of the Employer to merge, sell or lease
operations, the Employer agrees that should it happen, the seniority
of the employees taken over shall be dovetailed with the existing
employees, except that if one of the merged, sold, or leased companies is insolvent at the time of the take-over, the employees of the
insolvent company will go to the bottom of the list.
The Employer shall not require, as a condition of continued employment, that an employee purchase truck, tractor and/or trailer or
other vehicular equipment or that any employee purchase or assume any proprietary interest or other obligation in the business.
ARTICLE 49—GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE
Section 1—No Strikes—No Lockouts
The Union and the Employer agree that there shall be no strike,
picketing, lockout, tie-up or legal proceedings without first using
all possible means of settlement, as provided for in the Agreement,
of any controversy which might arise under this Agreement. The
parties further agree that the words “Legal Proceedings” as used in
this paragraph shall not be construed to prohibit the Union or the
Employer from going to court of proper jurisdiction for an injunction against the other for breach of the no-strike, no lockout, no
tie-up, no picketing promises made herein.
Section 2—Grievances
A grievance is hereby jointly defined to be any controversy, complaint, misunderstanding or dispute arising as to interpretation, application or observance of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

Grievance procedures may be invoked only by authorized Union
representatives. In the event of a grievance, it shall be handled in
the following manner:
(a) The employee shall report it to their shop steward in writing
within five (5) working days. The steward shall attempt to adjust
the matter with the supervisor within forty-eight (48) hours. Management will sign and date each grievance that is presented to them,
provided this does not interrupt the operations, regardless of the
merits of said grievance. The purpose of the signature is only to
verify that the grievance was actually received.
(b) Failing to agree, the shop steward shall promptly report the matter to the Union which shall submit it in writing and attempt to adjust the same with the Employer within five (5) days.
(c) If the parties fail to reach a decision or agree upon a settlement
in the matter, it shall be submitted in writing within ten (10) working days unless otherwise mutually agreed to the Atlantic Area Parcel Grievance Committee. (For the purpose of this Article, the term
“working days”, when used to indicate time limitations on the parties shall mean the days Monday through Friday.)
(d) In order that the A.A.P.G.C. may operate quickly and efficiently,
the parties agree that a person who may or may not be a member of
the A.A.P.G.C. shall be mutually selected and designated to serve
as Secretary. The Secretary, if not a member of the A.A.P.G.C. shall
have no voice in making decisions and shall perform only the duties assigned to them by the A.A.P.G.C. The Secretary shall dock et
cases, prepare the agenda and mail a copy prior to the scheduled
meeting of the A.A.P.G.C. to each member of the Committee, the
Employer and Local Unions whose case appears on the agenda.
The Secretary shall attend the meeting to prepare and keep the minutes and mail copies of the minutes to the members of the Committee and shall also mail copies of the decisions of the A.A.P.G.C. to
all United Parcel Service, Inc. representatives and Local Unions
who are parties to this Agreement.
(e) A grievance to be heard by the A.A.P.G.C. must be put in writing
and submitted to the Secretary thirteen (13) days before the meeting

of the Joint Area Grievance Committee. The parties further agree
that no grievance or grievances shall be discussed except those
which have been received by the Secretary of the A.A.P.G.C. before
the thirteen (13) days prior to the date of the meeting of the
A.A.P.G.C. It is agreed that any panel of the A.A.P.G.C. hearing a
case shall consist of an equal number of Employer Committee members and Union Committee members, not to exceed three (3) Union
Committee members and three (3) Employer Committee members
and not less than two (2) Union Committee members and two (2)
Employer Committee members. The members of the panel are to be
selected from the overall A.A.P.G.C. The decision of the majority of
the panel hearing the case shall be binding on all parties.
(f) It is understood and agreed that the United Parcel Service representatives and the Local Union representatives of the A.A.P.G.C.
representing the United Parcel Service operation and/or Local
Union involved in a proceeding before the panel will be ineligible
to act as a member of the panel during the proceeding. Representatives from Local Union(s) utilizing the A.A.P.G.C. may be involved
in the hearing of Atlantic Area cases.
(g) Payment for grievances settled at the local level at any step of
the grievance procedure must be made within two (2) weeks following the date of the settlement. Payment for grievances resolved
by the Atlantic Area and National Committees shall be made within
two (2) weeks following the Company’s receipt of the Committee’s
resolution statement. A copy of the payroll adjustment will be
mailed to the Local Union. Payment of grievance amount will be
listed on the employee’s payroll advisory. Payment for grievance
settlement shall be taxed at the employee’s regular withholding rate
where legally permissible.
Section 3—Illegal Strikes
It is further mutually agreed that the Local Union will, within two
(2) weeks of the date of the signing of this Agreement, serve upon
the Employer a written notice which notice will list the Union’s
authorized representatives who will deal with the Employer, make
commitments for the Union generally and in particular have the
sole authority to act for the Union in calling or instituting strikes or

any stoppages of work in a case where a strike or stoppage is authorized under this Agreement and the Union shall not be liable for any
activities unless so authorized.
It is agreed that in all cases of unauthorized strike, slowdown,
walk out, or any unauthorized cessation of work in violation of this
Agreement, the Union shall not be liable for damages resulting
from any unauthorized action of its members. While the Union
shall promptly undertake every reasonable means to induce said
employees to return to their jobs during such periods of unauthorized stoppage of work mentioned above, it is specifically understood and agreed that the Employer shall have the sole and complete right of discipline, includ ing the sole and complete right to
discharge any employee participat ing in any unauthorized strike,
slowdown, walkout or any other ces sation of work and such employee shall not be entitled to have any recourse to any other provisions of this Agreement.
Section 4
(a) The A.A.P.G.C. shall be composed of United Parcel representatives and representatives from each of the Local Union Nos. 22, 29,
61, 71, 171, 175, 322, 355, 391, 453, 509, 639, 697, 822 and 992.
The expense incurred by the A.A.P.G.C. shall be borne equally by
all the Local Unions on a pro rata basis for the Local Unions having
cases docketed on the agenda and United Parcel operations which
are covered by this Agreement.
(b) Except as otherwise provided in the Master Agreement, it is
agreed that all grievances pertaining to matters described in this
Article must be referred to the A.A.P.G.C. The Atlantic Area Parcel
Grievance Committee will meet monthly for a three (3) day period
for the purpose of hearing grievances docketed on the agenda.
During this three (3) day period the Committee will hear cases in
the following order: Discharges, suspensions and regular cases.
Every other month, beginning in January 2014, the Committee will
hear an additional day of regular cases. On these months regular
cases will be heard on Tuesday and Wednesday, unless otherwise
mutually agreed by the Chairmen.

Upon the request of either chairman and by mutual agreement of both
chairmen, the Committee will hear discharge and suspension cases on
Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday, if necessary, in order to clear
the docket. In these month(s), the A.A.P.G.C. will run a second panel
to hear regular cases on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Such request will be limited to one (1) time a year unless otherwise mutually
agreed to by both the Company and the Union chairmen.
(c) On discharge and suspension cases only, an impartial arbitrator,
one (1) from a panel of three (3), will sit as a fifth (5th) or seventh
(7th) panel member of the A.A.P.G.C. and shall render a bench decision on all deadlocked cases. Individual arbitrators are subject to
review and dismissal by either party upon a thirty (30) day notice
and will be replaced. (It is understood by the parties there will be an
implementation period.)
Section 5
If any grievance or dispute cannot be satisfactorily settled by a
majority decision of the panel of the A.A.P.G.C. then the grievance shall be submitted to the Federal Mediation and Conciliation
Service by either or both parties within twenty (20) days from the
date of the panel decision. The arbitrator must be selected to hear
the deadlocked case within thirty (30) working days except by
mutual agreement. It is agreed that the arbitrator is empowered to
hear and decide the deadlocked case even if only one of the parties submits to arbitration, or, if one of the parties fails to appear
at the hearing or to present evidence. The arbitrator shall have the
authority to apply the provisions of this Agreement, and to render
a decision on any grievance coming before them, but shall not
have the authority to amend or modify this Agreement or establish
new terms and conditions under this Agreement. The arbitrator
must render a decision within forty-five (45) days from the date of
the agreed upon filing of the post hearing briefs. The cost of the
arbi tration shall be shared equally by the parties. The decision of
the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties and employees involved. In the event that the losing party fails to abide by the
arbitrator’s decision, or that either party refuses to submit to their
jurisdiction, the other party shall have the right to take all legal or
economic recourse.

Section 6
The Local Union Business Agent shall have the right to examine
time sheets and any other records pertaining to the computation of
compensation of fringe benefits of any employee whose pay is in
dispute or records pertaining to a specific grievance.
Section 7
(a) Notwithstanding anything herein contained, it is agreed that in
the event the Company is delinquent at the end of a period in the
payment of its contribution to the Health and Welfare or Pension
Fund or Funds created under this Agreement in accordance with the
rules and regulations of the Trustees of such Funds, the employees
or their representatives after the proper official of the Local Unions
shall have given a seventy-two (72) hour notice to the Company of
such delinquency in Health and Welfare or Pension payments, shall
have the right to take such action as they deem necessary until such
delinquent payments are made and it is further agreed that in the
event such action is taken, the Company shall be responsible to the
employees for losses resulting there-from.
(b) It is mutually agreed that all monies due and owing under the
Health and Welfare and Pension provisions of the Agreement shall
be considered as wages and collectible as such.
ARTICLE 50—DISCHARGE OR SUSPENSION
The Employer shall not discharge nor suspend any employee without just cause but in respect to discharge or suspension shall give at
least one warning notice of a complaint against such employee to
the employee, in writing, and a copy of the same to the Union, except that no warning notice need be given to an employee before
the employee is discharged if the cause of such discharge is dishonesty, drinking alcoholic beverages during the workday, use or possession of ille gal drugs while on duty, recklessness resulting in a
serious accident while on duty, or the carrying of unauthorized passengers while on the job. The warning notice as herein provided
shall have no force or effect for a period of more than nine (9)
months from the date of said warning notice.

Warning notices or file write-ups beyond the nine (9) month period set
forth above will not be considered in the grievance procedure. The
above does not prohibit the Company from using prior suspensions,
discharges, or prior panel cases during the presentation of cases. All
warning notices must be issued within ten (10) days of the Employer’s
discovery of said infraction. The ten (10) day time limit may be waived
by mutual agreement between the Employer and the Union. Language
contained in the National Master United Parcel Service Agreement
concerning drugs/alcohol and drug/alcohol testing shall apply.
Suspension and dis charge must be by proper written notice, signed
by an authorized representative of the Company, sent certified mail
and return re ceipt requested, to the employee. The Union will also
receive cop ies of all warning, suspension, and discharge notices via
mail, or in electronic format. If requested at the hearing by the
steward, the manager, as a courtesy, will provide another copy of
the written notice within a reasonable time from the date of issuance. Any employee may request an investigation as to their discharge or suspension. Should such investigation prove that an injustice has been done an employee, they shall be reinstated. The
A.A.P.G.C. and the impartial arbitrator shall have the authority to
order full, partial or no compensation for time lost.
Appeal from discharge, suspension or warning notice must be taken
within ten (10) days by written notice and a decision reached within thirty (30) days from the date of discharge, suspension or warning notice.
Suspensions are to be served upon:
1. Employee acceptance of the suspension.
2. Notification of decision of the A.A.P.G.C.
3. Failure of the employee to file a timely grievance.
If an employee is involved in a minor chargeable accident and after a
full investigation it is proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the accident was caused by the employee’s negligence, the employee shall receive a warning notice, with a copy of said notice to the Local Union.
For the second (2nd) such offense the employee shall receive another warning notice and be subject to a three (3) day suspension

with a copy of the warning notice to the Local Union. For the third
(3rd) such offense, the employee is subject to discharge.
All employees have the right to examine their Center personal files
upon request on their own time and shall receive copies of any documents in the file upon request with the understanding that the employee is responsible for all administrative and copying expenses.
The purpose of an employee’s signature on a Company form or file
write-up is to ensure nothing is placed into the employee’s center file
without review by the employee. The employee’s signature does not
indicate that the employee agrees with the content of the item being
placed in their file, but does indicate their knowle dge of the contents.
ARTICLE 51—MEAL PERIOD
For full-time employees the meal period shall be one (1) hour, or as
provided below, which may be divided between a forty-five (45)
minute lunch peri od and fifteen (15) minute coffee break except for
inside employ ees, said coffee break to be taken between the second
and third hour. Full-time inside employees shall be entitled to a one
(1) hour lunch period of which fifteen (15) minutes must be taken
between the second and third hour, unless otherwise mutually
agreed to be tween the Local Union and the Company.
All full-time seniority employees shall receive one (1) ten (10)
minute paid relief period.
Package car drivers are required to take a thirty (30) minute meal
period. A package car driver may elect to take a meal period as
provided above (one (1) hour) with proper written notice to the
employee’s center management team. A driver’s change to the thirty (30) minute or one (1) hour meal period must be communicated
at least two (2) working days in advance of the change.
Package drivers will be allowed to schedule their ten (10) minute
relief period at their option provided they make all their scheduled
or assigned pickups or deliveries in a timely manner.

Meal periods shall be taken between the fourth and sixth hours on
duty, except:
1. In case of equipment breakdown; and
2. Where no place to eat is accessible, the meal period is to be mutually agreed to.
Tractor­trailer drivers may elect to break their meal period into
three (3) parts as follows:
A fifteen (15) minute coffee break to be taken between the second and
third hour, a thirty (30) minute meal period after the employee has
reached their destination point and fifteen (15) minute coffee break on
their return run. It is understood that if a driver is not delayed at their
dest ination point the driver is entitled to make a thirty (30) minute
meal stop and a fifteen (15) minute break on their return trip.
Tractor­trailer drivers who are bid on runs with “hot” loads will
have their schedule reviewed at bid time and will have all options
available to them explained. After making their choice, such drivers
will retain this schedule which necessitates a change.
Other tractor-trailer drivers will have all options made available but
will be allowed to change the ten (10) minute relief period to any of
the other option segments provided they are able to do so and make
their scheduled run.
The above shall apply in all cases, even when the employee is delayed by the Company.
ARTICLE 52—PAID FOR TIME
Section 1
All employees covered by this Agreement shall be paid for all time
spent in the service of the Employer. Rates of pay provided for by
this Agreement shall be minimums. When the starting time of fifty
percent (50%) or more of a shift is to be changed, one week’s notice
shall be given, except in the event of an act of God. When the starti ng

time of less than fifty percent (50%) of a shift is changed, reas onable
notice of forty-eight (48) hours is to be given. During Nov ember and
December, for package and hub operations only, the notification
above shall not apply to start time changes of fifteen (15) minutes or
less; however for those operations, the affected emp loyees shall be
notified prior to the end of their shift the preceding workday.
For the purpose of a start time change a shift shall be considered as
those employees who have the same workday guarantee and primary job responsibility, (i.e., Twilight Hub, Midnight, Sunrise, Noonday and Preload).
Start times shall not be changed to circumvent applications of provisions relating to holiday pay.
Time shall be computed from time that the employee is ordered to
report for work and registers in and until they are effectively released from duty. All time lost due to delays as a result of overloads
or certificate violations involving Federal, State or City regulations,
which occur through no fault of the driver shall be paid for. If the
Company changes an employee’s starting time, the employee will
be compensated at time and one-half (1-1/2) for all unscheduled
hours worked in any one day.
Section 2—Call in Time
Employees called to work shall be allowed a reasonable time, without pay, to get to the Center and shall be paid full pay from the time
they report or register in as ordered. If called and reporting, fulltime employees shall be guaranteed eight (8) hours pay at the rate
specified in the Supplement for their classification of work. If the
employee is put to work, they shall be guaranteed a minimum of
eight (8) hours pay. In cases where an employee does not report at
the scheduled starting time, the daily guarantee shall be reduced by
the amount of lateness, if allowed to work by the Employer.
Section 3—Absence Notification
The employee shall see that the Company is notified of their inability
to report for work as far in advance of their starting time as poss ible

(at least one (1) hour) on their first day of absence. The emp loyee
shall determine from the Company how frequently they shall call the
Company to report their progress. The employee will notify the
Company when they are able to return to work. If an employee reports for work without having so advised the Company, the Company shall be relieved of the obligation for that day of the call-in guarantee and eight (8) hour guarantee provided for in this Agreement.
ARTICLE 53—WAGES AND HOURS
Section 1
Classifications 8/1/23 8/1/24 8/1/25 8/1/26 8/1/27
Package Pickup and Delivery
Drivers, Feeder Drivers $44.24 $44.99 $45.74 $46.74 $48.99
Tractor-Trailer Drivers $44.34 $45.09 $45.84 $46.84 $49.09
Truck­Truck or
Truck-Pup Drivers $44.34 $45.09 $45.84 $46.84 $49.09
Preloader­Sorters $44.24 $44.99 $45.74 $46.74 $48.99
Package Handlers $42.98 $43.73 $44.48 $45.48 $47.73
Car Washers $42.73 $43.48 $44.23 $45.23 $47.48
Full-time employees still in progression on the effective date of the
Master Agreement shall receive the above contractual increases
and will be paid no less than what they are entitled to in accordance
with Article 41, Section 2.
Employees pulling doubles will receive sixty cents ($0.60) per hour
over the package driver rate. Employees pulling twin 40’s or triple
trailers off the property shall receive seventy-five cents ($0.75) per
hour over the package driver rate. Employees pulling “truck pups”
will receive twenty-five cents ($0.25) per hour over the package
driver rate.
Package Driver Helper Rate of Pay shall be $17.00 per hour for
new hires. For all seniority employees, the Package Driver Helper

rate shall be the prevailing part-time rate as outlined in Article 22.5
of the National Master Agreement.
Full and part­time driver helpers may be used between November
1st through the second full week of January of any calendar year,
during periods of weather emergencies or volume peaks and at customer’s locations where the customer or another carrier is loading
and/or unloading packages, providing the Local Union is contacted
to explain the reason for and the expected duration. No tractor-trailer driver will be laid off or displaced from tractor-trailer classification as a result of this. The Company will use part-time employees
to fill part-time helper jobs and will not hire part-time helpers off
the street until all seniority part-time requests for this work are honored. The part-time helper work will be awarded in seniority order
providing that this work would not interfere with their regular
scheduled duties for the workday.
Package driver helper shall be guaranteed three (3) hours per day,
provided they report at their helper scheduled start time.
Not more than one (1) helper will work from a vehicle with a driver
at any one time. The helper must deliver or pickup packages only in
conjunction with the drivers they are assigned to while on duty.
A helper will normally not be required to work a split shift of helper work. There may, however, be occasions when an employee
may work more than one (1) shift as a helper in a twenty-four (24)
hour period.
If a helper is scheduled to meet a driver and the driver is late at the
scheduled meet point, the helper hours will commence from the
scheduled time of the meet.
The Company may continue a TAW program pursuant to Article 14,
Section 2. Employees on TAW shall receive their regular hourly
rate of pay.
The following wage progression schedule shall cover all full-time
employees, except apprentices, hired on or after August 1, 1990.

The rate in effect on July 31, 2023 will be used to calculate the
progression rates for the life of this Agreement.
Rates in Effect on July 31, 2023
Start 70%
Seniority 75%
Seniority Date Plus one (1) year 80%
Seniority Date Plus eighteen (18) months 90%
Seniority Date Plus two (2) years Top Rate
Part-time employees on the payroll as of 7/31/23 who are subsequently promoted to full-time employment will be paid their current wage rate until such time as the calculated progression rate
exceeds that rate. The transfer date will become the employee’s
full-time start date for purposes of applying the above progression.
When a part-time employee bids to a full-time classification where
the top rate of the full-time classification is less than their current
rate, the employee shall be placed at the top rate of the new classification immediately.
Section 2—Hours of Work and Overtime
A. The workweek shall be five (5) consecutive days of eight (8)
hours each or feeder drivers only may work four (4) days of ten
(10) hours each and the hours of labor each day shall be worked in
uninterrupted succession. The workweek for feeder drivers may be
changed by the Employer from one to the other as operating conditions may demand, provided, however, that the employee shall receive a one (1) week notice of contemplated change.
By mutual agreement between the parties, the Company may place
four (4) ten (10) hour day routes for bid during the bidding process
within the package car classification.
The Company will review all four (4) day ten (10) hour runs and
those that are improperly put together or not economically feasible
will be eliminated. The four/ten (4/10) cover driver (5th driver) will
follow the appropriate layoff language.

For employees assigned to five (5) eight (8) hour days, time and
one-half (1-1/2) shall be paid for all hours worked in excess of forty (40) hours in a week or in excess of eight (8) hours in a day.
For employees assigned to four (4) ten (10) hour days, time and one
half (1-1/2) shall be paid for all hours worked in excess of forty
(40) hours in a week or in excess of ten (10) hours in a day. An
employee who works on the sixth (6th) report shall be paid time
and one half (1-1/2) the straight time hourly rate for all work performed on that day. An employee who works on the seventh (7th)
report shall be paid double (2) the straight hourly rate for all work
performed on that day. In the above cases, the employee may be
guaranteed eight (8) hours or ten (10) hours depending on the
schedule of the job performed. The Company agrees to pay time
and one half (1-1/2) for Saturday and double time (2) for Sunday
work unless it is a normally scheduled workday.
Employees called or assigned to cover for absent employees who
are scheduled to work on Saturday or Sunday shall be considered
as working on regular assigned shifts on a normally scheduled
workday.
B. The Company shall make every effort to reduce overtime where
requested. If a review does not indicate that progress is being made
in the reduction of assigned hours of work, the following language
shall apply:
Employees shall have the right to file a grievance if the Company
has continually (means any three (3) days in five (5) consecutively
scheduled workdays) caused an employee to work over nine (9)
hours and forty-five (45) minutes per day.
If the grievance cannot be resolved at the Local Union level, it will
be referred directly to the Employer and Union Negotiations Chairmen for settlement. This procedure shall not apply in the peak season of November and December nor in other classifications other
than package car driver.

C. When an employee begins work on a particular day and works
into the next day, the wage rate shall be the rate in effect at the
starting time.
Section 3—Overtime Application
It is understood that no time shall be subject to the application of
more than one (1) overtime provision.
Section 4— Compensation for Work in Different
Classifications
An employee may be required to work in more than one job classification within any workday, but shall be compensated at the rate
applicable to the highest rated classification for all work performed
during that day. In order to qualify an employee shall work a minimum of one (1) hour in the higher classification. This provision
shall not apply to the occasional spotting or shifting of equipment
at the operating center. When an employee is requested to work in
a lower-priced classification they shall receive their regular rate of
pay for all such lower rated work performed.
Section 5—Notice of Layoff
The Employer agrees to give full-time seniority employees a seven
(7) calendar day notice of intended layoff in writing with a copy to
the Local Union. Agreed upon notices of layoff do not apply during
a declared emergency.
An emergency occurs where conditions beyond the Employer’s
control compel interruptions or delays in operations caused by
strikes, sleet or snow, ice or flood or similar catastrophe.
One (1) day (by the end of the previous workday) unwritten notice
is required for layoff of less than fourteen (14) days. The Company
is obligated to give as much notice as possible. Except for employees who do not have a telephone, the Company is obligated where
possible and as soon as possible, to attempt to notify employees
when an emergency occurs beyond its control. Notice must be given before the employee’s regular starting time. The Company shall
be deemed to have fulfilled its obligation when an employee is

called and does not answer the telephone. In the event of an emergency, available work shall be performed in seniority order by employees normally assigned to that work and that starting time within the classification.
ARTICLE 54—SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS
Section 1—Holidays
(a) The following named holidays, or the days observed as such shall
be recognized as legal holidays: New Year’s Day, Martin Luther
King Jr. Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, day after Thanksgiving, Christmas Day and December
31. Seniority employe es shall be eligible for the above named holidays after the employee’s seniority date and twelve (12) months.
(b) Any regular employee who does not work on the holiday, but
who has worked ninety (90) hours (forty-five (45) hours for parttime employees) in the thirty (30) consecutive workdays immediately preceding the holiday shall be entitled to eight (8) hours pay
at the straight time hourly rate for such holiday or ten (10) hours
pay for four (4) day, ten (10) hour employees, or four (4) hours for
part-time employees, and further provided the employee must work
the regular scheduled workdays which immediately precede and
follow the holiday, except in cases of proven illness or unless the
absence is mutually agreed to. Time lost due to compensable injury
or vacation shall be used in computing hours worked. A seniority
employee who is absent due to compensable injury shall receive
holiday pay for all holidays occurring within the first six (6) months
of absence due to such compensable injury.
(c) Any regular employee who works on a holiday and is eligible
for holiday pay as provided in (b) above shall be paid for all work
performed at time and one-half (1-1/2) the straight time hourly rate
in addition to receiving their holiday pay and shall be guaranteed a
minimum of eight (8) hours work. Those employees on a workweek of four (4) ten (10) hour days shall be guaranteed a minimum
of ten (10) hours work. Part-time employees will be guaranteed a
minimum of three and one-half (3-1/2) hours work.

Tractor­trailer drivers who are bid to runs assigned a single trailer
will receive the single rate of pay.
All drivers who are bid to runs assigned double trailers will receive
the doubles rate of pay.
Tractor-trailer drivers’ bid on cover jobs will be paid holidays
based on the single or double rate, depending on which pay scale
the employee has earned the majority of the time during the preceding twelve (12) month period.
(d) When a holiday falls during the regular vacation of an employ ee
entitled to holiday pay, the employee shall receive an extra day’s
pay for such holiday.
(e) Pay for unworked holidays shall not be used in computing
overtime pay in the regular workweek. Time worked in excess of
thirty-two (32) hours in any week in which a holiday occurs (twenty-four (24) hours in weeks with double holidays) shall be paid for
at the rate of time and one-half (1-1/2) where the holiday falls
within the employee’s scheduled workweek and such overtime
shall be paid after thirty (30) hours (twenty (20) hours in weeks
with double holidays) for those employees on a workweek of four
(4) ten (10) hour days provided the holiday(s) falls on a scheduled
work day. Time and one-half (1-1/2) shall be paid after the fortieth
(40th) hour where the holiday falls outside the employee’s scheduled workweek.
(f) When any of the above-mentioned holidays fall on Sunday, the
day observed shall be Monday and all work performed on such day
shall be paid for at the holiday rate.
Section 2—Personal Holidays
There shall be five (5) holidays for seniority employees known as
personal holidays. The eligibility for personal holidays will be as
follows:
Seniority date plus twelve (12) months—one (1) personal holiday.

Seniority date plus eighteen (18) months—one (1) personal holiday.
Seniority date plus twenty-four (24) months—All personal holidays as provided herein for that entitlement year.
Employees presently in progression will continue in progression.
Personal holidays shall be awarded by seniority within each classification in each center and the following procedure shall apply:
Any employee desiring a personal holiday will make a request in
writing on a form furnished by the Company. Such a request
must be sub mitted no later than the start of their shift on the
eighth (8th) calendar day preceding the day requested. A signed
copy of the re quest form stating approval or disapproval shall be
returned to the employee by the end of the next working day. In
the event of an emergency, the notification period will be waived
provided no other employee in that classification has requested
that day off.
No personal holiday may be taken after the Saturday after Thanksgiving or before December 26 of any year. The personal holidays
must be taken during the calendar year. In the event employees
elect not to take their personal holidays by December 31 they shall
be paid eight (8) hours (ten (10) hours for four (4) day, ten (10)
hour employees and four (4) hours for part-time employees) at
their straight time rate for the unused personal holidays. Prior to
the Personal Holiday (PH) pay-out for unused Personals, the Company shall determine those employees with unused PHs. If any
such employees wish to utilize the unused PHs between December
26 and December 31, those PHs will be paid at time of use. If an
employee works on an approved personal holiday, they shall receive holiday pay plus time and one-half (1-1/2) for all hours
worked or at the employee’s option they may elect to receive time
and one-half (1-1/2) for all hours worked and retain the per sonal
holiday for future use. The Company will make available for selection one (1) personal holiday per day in each center, or a number equal to five percent (5%) of the employees in the center,
whichever is greater.

Example:
1-29 Employees— 1 PH per day.
30-49 Employees— 2 PH per day.
50-69 Employees— 3 PH per day.
70-89 Employees— 4 PH per day.
90-109 Employees— 5 PH per day.
Any employee who is out due to sickness or injury shall have the
right, after the third (3rd) day of absence due to such sickness or
injury, to take any personal holidays to which they are entitled.
An employee may elect an option to combine the five (5) personal
holidays and schedule an additional one (1) week of vacation in its
place. This shall be construed to mean forty (40) hours pay for fulltime employees and twenty (20) hours pay for part-time employees. This week shall be bid after the vacations have been selected
and will be included in the ten percent (10%) and fifteen percent
(15%) vacation schedule.
Employees who terminate their employment between January 1st
and December 31st shall be paid any unused personal holidays on a
pro rata basis.
Employees who are bid four (4) ten (10) hour days shall receive ten
(10) hours straight time pay for each personal holiday taken separately.
Employees who are bid five (5) eight (8) hour days shall receive
eight (8) hours straight time pay for each personal holiday taken
separately.
Employees who are bid on vacation cover jobs shall receive holiday pay at the straight time pay rate based on the workweek the
employees are working at the time the holiday is taken (i.e., employee is covering a four (4) ten (10) hour week the employee will
receive ten (10) hours straight time pay for all personal holidays
taken separate ly during that week). If an employee is covering a
five (5) eight (8) hour workweek the employee will receive eight

(8) hours straight time pay for each personal holiday taken during
that week.
Section 3—Sundays
Any employee covered by this Agreement required to work on Sunday shall be paid for such work at the rate of double time, except
where the regular schedule extends into Sunday with a minimum
guarantee of eight (8) hours which shall not be included in the regular forty (40) hour workweek. This shall not apply to employees
on regular assigned shifts starting Sunday.
Employees called or assigned to cover for absent employees who
are scheduled to work on Saturday or Sunday shall be considered
as working on regular assigned shifts on a normally scheduled
workday.
ARTICLE 55—VACATIONS
Section 1
(a) Employees who on December 31st of any calendar year, have
worked for the Employer one hundred and fifty (150) days or more
in such calendar year and have been employed by the Employer
less than two (2) years, shall receive one (1) week of vacation with
pay during the following vacation period. Employees who on December 31st have not worked for the Employer one hundred fifty
(150) days but have, by July 31st of the succeeding year for the first
time, worked one hundred fifty (150) days, shall receive one (1)
week of vacation with pay following their anniversary date.
(b) Employees who on December 31st of any calendar year have
been employed by the Employer two (2) years or more but less than
nine (9) years shall receive two (2) weeks of vacation with pay.
Those employees who have not been employed by the Employer
for two (2) years by any December 31st whose second (2nd) anniversary of employment occurs within the following vacation period
shall also receive two (2) weeks of vacation with pay. Such employee will be allowed to select the second (2nd) week of vacation
after the second (2nd) anniversary date.

(c) Employees who on December 31st of any calendar year have
been employed by the Employer nine (9) years or more shall receive three (3) weeks of vacation with pay during the following
vacation period. Those employees who have not been employed by
the Employer for nine (9) years on December 31st but whose ninth
(9th) anniversary of employment occurs within the following vacation period shall receive three (3) weeks of vacation with pay. Such
employee will be allowed to select the third (3rd) week of vacation
after the ninth (9th) anniversary date.
(d) Employees who on December 31st of any calendar year have
been employed by the Employer fifteen (15) years or more but less
than twenty (20) years shall receive four (4) weeks of vacation with
pay during the following vacation period. Those employees who
have not been employed by the Employer for fifteen (15) years on
December 31st but whose fifteenth (15th) anniversary of employment occurs within the following vacation period shall also receive
four (4) weeks of vacation with pay. Such employee will be allowed to select the fourth (4th) week of vacation after the fifteenth
(15th) anniversary date.
(e) Employees who on December 31st of any calendar year have
been employed by the Employer twenty (20) years or more shall
receive five (5) weeks of vacation with pay during the following
vacation period. Those employees who have not been employed by
the Employer for twenty (20) years on December 31st but whose
twentieth (20th) anniversary of employment occurs within the following vacation period shall also receive five (5) weeks of vacation
with pay. Such employee will be allowed to select the fifth (5th)
week of vacation after the twentieth (20th) anniversary date.
(f) Employees who on December 31st of any calendar year have
been employed by the Employer twenty-five (25) years or more
shall receive six (6) weeks of vacation with pay during the following vacation period. Those employees who have not been employed by the Employer for twenty-five (25) years on December
31st but whose twenty-fifth (25th) anniversary of employment
occurs within the following vacation period shall also receive six
(6) weeks of vacation with pay. Such employee will be allowed to

select the sixth (6th) week of vacation after the twenty-fifth (25th)
anniversary date.
(g) Employees whose anniversary date falls after a date in November or December where a full week cannot be taken and, who passes an anniversary date where an additional week of vacation is
earned shall receive the first available full week after December 26,
as their vacation. This will not prevent such employee from bidding
their entire vacation due for the following period.
(h) Tractor-trailer drivers who are bid to runs assigned a single
trailer will receive the single rate of pay for all vacations.
Tractor­trailer drivers who are bid to runs assigned double trailers
will receive the doubles rate of pay for all vacations.
Tractor­trailer drivers bid on cover jobs will be paid vacations
based on the single or double rate depending on which pay scale the
employee has earned the majority of the time during the preceding
twelve (12) month period.
Section 2
Vacations are to be scheduled any time during the time from December 26 through Thanksgiving week exclusive of the time between the Monday after Thanksgiving through December 25. Employees are to select their vacation period in the order of seniority
on a center basis starting with the first full week in November and
to be completed in four (4) weeks. Twenty-five percent (25%) of
those center employees per week will select; of the twenty-five percent (25%) selecting weekly, twenty percent (20%) will select daily
within that week. Employees who have not selected their vacation
in seniority order will make their selection from weeks available at
the time of their bid. Any employee bidding into a different classification shall retain their originally selected vacation period. No
employee shall accept vacation pay in lieu of vacation.
The sick day option vacation weeks shall be selected in seniority
order from the ten percent (10%) and fifteen percent (15%) schedule after the regular vacation weeks have been selected.

The sick day option week and personal holiday option week taken
as vacation will be included in the ten percent (10%) and fifteen
percent (15%) vacation schedule. Sick days and personal holidays
may be combined to schedule an additional vacation week.
The vacation list shall be made available for selection from November 1st through November 30th of each year and shall contain
the following information: employees eligible for vacation, the
number of weeks each employee is entitled to and the number of
employees who can take a vacation simultaneously.
Vacation pay shall not be less than forty-five (45) hours of pay at
the employee’s regular rate of pay as set forth in Article 53 or for
two (2) year employees, ninety (90) hours of pay, or for nine (9)
year employees, one hundred thirty-five (135) hours of pay, or for
fifteen (15) year employees, one hundred eighty (180) hours of pay,
or for twenty (20) year employees, two hundred twenty-five (225)
hours of pay, or for twenty-five (25) year employees, two hundred
seventy (270) hours of pay except as provided below.
All employees must receive their vacation pay in a separate check
before taking vacation. Vacation checks for an employee who is
taking a properly scheduled vacation in accordance with Article 55,
Section 2 of this Agreement, will be at the operating center on
Monday of the week prior to the employee’s vacation week and/or
weeks. This is to ensure that the employees receive their pay prior
to taking their vaca tion. The employees will be shown their check
upon request, but will not receive the check until the regular scheduled pay day. Vacations are to be taken seven (7) consecutive days
as of the Employer’s pay week, and for two (2) year employees either fourteen (14) consecutive days or two (2) seven (7) day periods, and for nine (9) year employees, ei ther twenty-one (21) consecutive days or three (3) seven (7) day peri ods, and employees
with fifteen (15) years of service shall receive ei ther twenty-eight
(28) consecutive days or four (4) seven (7) day periods, and employees with twenty (20) years of service shall receive either thirty-five (35) consecutive days or five (5) seven (7) day peri ods, and
employees with twenty-five (25) years of service shall receive either forty-two (42) consecutive days or six (6) seven (7) day periods. A minimum of fifteen percent (15%) of the employees in a
center will be permitted off each week during the week that includes May 15th through the first two (2) full weeks of November.
A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the employees in a center will
be permitted off the remainder of the vacation period.
The ten percent (10%) and fifteen percent (15%) will be applied per
the following example:
Vacation Chart for Ten Percent (10%) Off on Vacation:
Number Number of
of Employees Vacations Per Week
1-14 1
15-24 2
25-34 3
35-44 4
45-54 5
55-64 6
65-74 7
75-84 8
85-94 9
95-104 10
Vacation Chart for Fifteen Percent (15%) Off on Vacation:
Number Number of
of Employees Vacations Per Week
1-9 1
10-16 2
17-23 3
24-29 4
30-36 5
37-43 6

44-49 7
50-56 8
57-63 9
64-69 10
70-76 11
77-83 12
84-89 13
90-96 14
97-103 15
Employees entitled to four (4) or more weeks of vacation may
choose to select one (1) or two (2) weeks of their vacation in one (1)
day incre ments and will be compensated at nine (9) hours for fulltime em ployees and four (4) hours for part-time employees. The
vacation day shall be selected in seniority order from the five percent (5%) schedule after the regular personal holiday request. At
least one (1) vacation day will be permitted in each center each day
in addition to the five percent (5%).
The selection procedure contained in Article 54, Section 1 shall
apply with the following exception:
The request for the vacation day must be submitted on the seventh
(7th) calendar day preceding the day requested.
In the event the above days are not taken by December 31st, they
shall be paid at nine (9) hours for full-time employees and four (4)
hours for part-time employees at the straight time rate for the unused vacation days.
Section 3
Absence of less than sixty (60) workdays in the aggregate due to
lack of business or illness shall not be construed as interrupting the
yearly working service of such employees. Employees who are absent more than sixty (60) workdays for the reasons stated above
shall receive pro rata vacation and pay based on their earned vacations as of the prior December 31st. Absence from work because of

a compensable injury shall not be construed as interrupting the
yearly working service of an employee.
The pro rata provisions of this Article shall also apply to all employees who terminate their employment with their Employer between January 1st and December 31st.
Section 4
Part­time employees who are otherwise eligible shall be entitled
to receive vacation benefits on the basis of one-half (1/2) that
which an eligible full-time employee would be entitled to receive.
One-half (1/2) vacation pay means four (4) hours straight time
pay per day.
ARTICLE 56—UNION COOPERATION
The Union, as well as the members thereof, agree that at all times
as fully as it may be within their power, to further the interests of
the Employer.
ARTICLE 57—PARKING TICKETS
The Company shall pay all parking tickets for illegal parking if
employee does not abuse.
ARTICLE 58—UNIFORMS AND PERSONAL
APPEARANCE
Employer agrees that if any employee is required to wear any kind
of uniform as a condition of their continued employment, such uniform shall be furnished, and maintained by the Employer, free of
charge, at the standard required by the Employer.
The Employer will provide shirts with a maximum of ten (10) shirts
allowable each year (5 winter—5 summer) on the basis of one (1)
new shirt for each worn shirt turned in. These shirts will be maintained by the employee.

The uniform and UPS shirts will be worn at all times while on duty
and at the standard determined by the Employer. Employees shall
not wear any article of clothing determined to be incompatible with
the uniform standards established by the Employer.
It is agreed that employees must strictly comply with the Employer’s regulations concerning personal grooming and appearance and
the wearing of uniforms and accessories.
The Employer shall provide lockers and the basic uniform shall be
kept in the locker. Employees shall change into uniforms on the
Company premises before reporting for duty and change out of uniforms after being relieved from duty each day.
Rain slickers and rubber boots will be available to be used by employees working as shifters and/or car washers, if requested.
Full­time and part­time inside employees shall be permitted to
bring water jugs filled with water to their work area, provided the
container is transparent and is subject to security checks upon entering and exiting the facility.
ARTICLE 59—BREAKDOWNS AND
IMPASSABLE HIGHWAYS
In any instance of breakdown or impassable highway which prevents an employee from proceeding to their destination (or, if instructed, from returning to their Center), the employee shall be paid
for all time up to the time at which they arrive at a place of lodging
with overtime payments, if appropriate. Once the employee has arrived at a place of lodging, the employee shall be considered to be
relieved from duty and they shall remain off duty until their regular
starting time the next day or until called to duty, whichever occurs
sooner. If more than one (1) day elapses before the employee is
called to duty, they shall be paid not less than the daily minimum
guarantee each twenty-four (24) hour period, such period to be
measured from the employee’s regular starting time each day until
they return to their Center or home. In addition, such an employee

shall be fur nished clean, comfortable, sanitary lodgings, plus
meals. The meal allowance shall be twelve dollars ($12.00) for
breakfast, fifteen dollars ($15.00) for lunch and twenty dollars
($20.00) for supper.
ARTICLE 60—AIR-CONDITIONING
All new tractor trailer feeder equipment placed in service shall be
equipped with air-conditioning.
Road tractors manufactured during the years 1974, 1975, 1976,
1977, shall be retrofitted with air-conditioning during a time schedule mutually agreed to with the Company and Local Unions.
ARTICLE 61—HEALTH AND WELFARE
AND PENSION
Section 1—Local Union No. 992 Health and Welfare
The Employer agrees to contribute to the Hagerstown Teamsters
and Motor Carriers Welfare Fund as follows:
Effective Per Employee
August 1, 2022 $1701.94 per month
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension
shall be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1,
2023 and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract. Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental
Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall
otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.

The Trust Agreement covering the Hagerstown Teamsters and Motor Carriers Welfare Fund shall be signed by the Employer and become a part of this Agreement.
If an employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury and
notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue
to make the required contributions for the period of three (3)
months. If an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall
continue to pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work; however, such contributions shall not be paid for a
period of more than twelve (12) months.
Action for delinquent contributions may be instituted by either the
Local Union, the Area Conference or the Trustees. Delinquent Employer must also pay all attorneys’ fees and cost of collection.
Pension
The Employer agrees to continue contributions to the Hagerstown
Motor Carriers and Teamsters Pension Plan as follows:
Effective Per Employee
August 1, 2022 $3045.90 per month
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension
shall be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1,
2023 and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract. Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental
Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall
otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.
The Trust Agreement covering the Hagerstown Motor Carriers and
Teamsters Pension Plan shall be signed by the Employer and become a part of this Agreement.

If the employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury
and notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue to make the required contributions for a period of three (3)
months. If an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall
continue to pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work; however, such contributions shall not be paid for a
period of more than twelve (12) months.
Action for delinquent contributions may be instituted by either the
Local Union, the Area Conference or the Trustees. Delinquent Employer must also pay all attorneys’ fees and cost of collection.
Section 2— Local Unions Nos. 61, 71, 391, 509 and
697 Health and Welfare
If an employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury and
notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue
to make the required contributions for a period of four (4) weeks. If
an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall continue to
pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work;
however, such contributions shall not be paid for a period of more
than twelve (12) months.
(a)(i) Except as set forth in this Section 1(a), Health & Welfare and/
or pension contributions shall be increased by forty dollars ($40.00)
per week on August 1, 2023 and on each subsequent August 1st
during the life of the contract. Where the employees are covered by
both Teamster Health & Welfare and Pension Funds in a Supplement, Rider or Addendum, the weekly health & welfare and pension contributions shall be allocated by the respective Joint Supplemental Area Negotiating Committees, subject to the approval of the
Joint National Negotiating Committee.
(ii) 1) In those Supplements, Riders or Addenda, where the full-time
or part-time employees are covered by TeamCare and a pension plan
sponsored by the Employer, the hourly increase to be allocated for
Health & Welfare for these full-time employees as follows:
August 1, 2023 ($0.50)
August 1, 2024 ($0.50)

August 1, 2025 ($0.50)
August 1, 2026 ($0.50)
August 1, 2027 ($0.50)
The rates shall be as follows for covered part-time employees:
August 1, 2023 (not to exceed $0.50)
August 1, 2024 (not to exceed $0.50)
August 1, 2025 (not to exceed $0.50)
August 1, 2026 (not to exceed $0.50)
August 1, 2027 (not to exceed $0.50)
(iii) [Reserved]
(iv) The increases accrued under this Article on August 1st, of each
year, can only be allocated to health & welfare and/or pension except as provided within this Article. Any dispute concerning the allocation of health & welfare and pension money shall be determined
and/or resolved by the Joint National Negotiating Committee.
(v) (1) If, in accordance with a duly adopted funding improvement
plan or rehabilitation plan, an IBT Pension Fund is required to issue
a schedule pursuant to ERISA Section 305 (added by the Pension
Protection Act of 2006) that requires contributions in excess of
those contained within this Article, the Union and the Employer
shall promptly meet to negotiate changes in the Agreement to generate sufficient savings to cover the cost of the increased contributions. Agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld. Once completed, the applicable Fund shall be obligated to accept the schedule
as if it was the beginning of the term of a new labor agreement.
(2) In those areas with IBT Pension Funds that do not have a duly
adopted funding improvement plan or rehabilitation plan that requires contribution rate increases, the maximum amount available
under (a)(i) above for August 1 of 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027
shall be twenty dollars ($20.00). This amount shall be available
first for use on H&W, with any remaining amount being available
for pension only, notwithstanding Section 4 below. The additional
twenty dollars ($20.00) referenced in (a)(i) above on August 1 of
each of these years may only be used to satisfy the requirements of

a duly adopted funding improvement plan or rehabilitation plan in
those areas with such IBT Pension Plans.
(b) Monthly, daily and hourly health & welfare and pension contributions shall be converted from the weekly rate increases in accordance with past practice.
(c) During the life of this Agreement, the Employer will continue to
make applicable contributions to all IBT Health and Welfare Funds
and all IBT Pension Funds (or the successor funds in case of merger of funds) for full-time and/or part-time employees in all Supplements, Riders and Addenda where the Employer was making contributions for full-time and/or part-time employees on May 1, 1982,
unless stated to the contrary in this Article or changes placing these
employees in UPS plans are negotiated and agreed to by the National Negotiating Committee.
(d) In those Supplements, Riders and Addenda where the Employer
was providing health & welfare and/or pension benefit coverage to
employees (either full-time or part-time) on May 1, 1982, the Employer will continue to provide health & welfare and/or pension
benefit coverage under the Company plan(s), with funding under
the related trust(s) established by the Employer for this purpose, for
the life of this Agreement unless specified otherwise in the applicable Supplemental Agreement, Rider, Addendum or this Article.
However, this paragraph will only apply through December 31,
2013, as it relates to health & welfare coverage.
(e) All contractual provisions relating to pensions shall be provided
in the respective Supplemental Agreements, Riders and Addenda.
References to Company provided health & welfare are being deleted from the Supplements, Riders and Addenda because the Company will no longer be providing medical coverage after December
31, 2013.
(f) The Employer shall not be required to contribute to any jointly
trusteed health and welfare plan, consistent with the practices and
rules and regulations of such plan in effect as of August 1, 2023 an
amount greater than the amount it contributed on July 31, 2023 plus

the increases required by this Master Agreement, except as may be
required by law notwithstanding any language to the contrary in any
Trust Agreement, Participation Agreement or similar document.
(g) In the event that there is any change in the existing national
health care legislation or if new legislation is enacted, the parties
agree to meet and discuss any ramifications of that legislation on
the provisions of this Article. In the event an IBT Pension Plan is
unable to maintain its current zone status under ERISA Section 305
(added by the Pension Protection Act of 2006) during the term of
this Agreement at existing contribution rates because of the limits
described in (a)(v)(2) above, the parties similarly agree to meet and
discuss those circumstances and any ramifications on the provisions of this Article.
Pension
The following provisions pertain to the UPS/IBT Full-Time Employee Pension Plan (hereinafter “UPS/IBT Plan”) was created for
employees who participated in the Central States Southeast and
Southwest Areas Pension Fund (“CS Plan”) and for future employees who would have participated in the CS Plan absent this agreement who have one hour of service in Covered Employment on or
after January 1, 2008.
(1) Effective January 1, 2008 the Employer and the Union established a new, single employer, jointly trusteed and administered defined benefit plan within the meaning of 29 U.S.C. Section 302 (c)
(5) for full-time employees who under the prior agreement would
have participated in the CS Plan. As of December 26, 2007, the
Employer will cease to have an obligation to contribute to the CS
Plan and will have no other obligation to provide such employees
with future benefit accruals under the CS Plan.
(2) The benefit formula for current or future full-time employees
who are participants in the UPS/IBT Plan will be as set forth below
for each year of future service (hours worked in Covered Employment on or after the effective date) up to a maximum of thirty-five
(35) years of Credited Service (such limitation is only applicable to
service pensions). This benefit is unreduced if payable at Normal

Retirement Age (age 65) and 5 years of vesting service or at age 62
with 20 years of Credited Service. Benefit payments may begin as
early as Early Retirement Age (age 50 with five years of vesting
service) and are reduced 6% per year for each year and partial year
prior to Normal Retirement Age. There shall be no reduction or
change in the level of benefits described herein unless negotiated
and agreed to by the Union.
Calendar Year Beginning Monthly Benefit
January 1, 2024 $185.00
January 1, 2025 $185.00
January 1, 2026 $185.00
January 1, 2027 $185.00
January 1, 2028 $185.00
(3) Eligible employees become participants on the first day of the
month coincident with or immediately following the date the employee completes one year of service with 750 hours of service
(upon becoming a participant, service credit will accrue beginning
with the very first hour of service that had been performed when the
participant began working in Covered Employment). Employees
already participants in the CS Plan at the date this plan is established
will be immediately eligible to participate in the UPS/IBT Plan. No
benefits are payable unless the participant has at least 5 years of
vesting credit or has reached Normal Retirement Age while an employee. One year of vesting credit is earned for each calendar year in
which the participant works 750 or more hours. The Employer will
grant vesting credit for those employees employed by the Employer
before the effective date of the UPS/IBT Plan based on the employment records of the Employer or records of the CS Plan.
(4) Full-time employees will receive one (1) year of Credited Service for each 1801 paid hours in Covered Employment in a calendar year beginning on or after January 1, 2008. Employees will receive partial years of Credited Service in monthly increments (i.e.,
one month if employee worked 150 or more hours in Covered Employment in that month). For purposes of earning service credit for
the service pensions only, full-time employees will receive one
week of service credit if they have one hour of service in Covered
Employment. For service pensions only, if an employee has 0-19

weeks of service credit, they shall not receive any service credit for
that calendar year. If they have 20-39 weeks of service credit, the
amount of credit for that year will be equal to a fraction the numerator of which is the number of weeks of credit and the denominator
is 40. If the employee has 40 weeks of service credit for that calendar year, they shall receive one year of service credit.
(5) The Employer will be responsible for funding the UPS/IBT Plan
as required by applicable law.
(6) In addition to the normal benefit provided in paragraph (2)
above, there shall be a service benefit payable after twenty (20),
twenty-five (25), thirty (30) and thirty-five (35) years of full-time
service. There is a twenty (20) year benefit for anyone who has
reached age 50 and the amount will vary based on the person’s age.
There is a twenty-five (25) year service retirement benefit for anyone who has twenty-five years of service regardless of age, which
shall be $2,000 per month if less than age 57 when benefits commence and $2,500 per month if at least 57 when benefits commence. The benefit for the thirty (30) year service retirement shall
be $3,400 per month regardless of the age of the retiring employee.
The benefit for thirty-five (35) years’ service retirement shall be
$3,900 per month regardless of the age of the retiring employee.
The plan document shall specify the amounts for the 20 year service pension, eligibility criteria and how the benefits are calculated.
Years of Service
Credit Age Monthly Service Pension
35 years Any Age $3,900
30 or more years Any Age $3,400 plus $100/yr of
service for years over 30
up to $3,900
25 years Any Age $2,000 up to age 57
25 years 57 or older $2,500 plus $100/yr of
service for years over 25
up to $3,500 maximum.

Effective January 1, 2024, the following enhancements will be implemented:
35 years Any Age $4,700
30 or more years Any Age $4,200 plus $100/yr of
service for years over 30
up to $4,700
25 years Any Age up to age 57 $2,400
25 years Age 57 or older $2,900 plus $100/yr of
service for years over 25
up to $4,700
For employees who reach the following age and years of service
milestones on or before July 31, 2028, the following additional enhancements shall apply. These additional enhancements shall become part of the employee’s vested benefit and shall apply even if
the employee retires after July 31, 2028:
35 years Age 55 or older $5,300
30 or more years Age 55 or older $4,800 plus $100/yr of
service for years over 30
up to $5,300
25 years Any Age up to age 57 $3,000
25 years Age 57 or older $3,500 plus $100/yr of
service for years over 25
up to $5,300
The UPS/IBT Plan will recognize full-time service in the CS Plan
for determining eligibility for the benefits in this section and will
offset at Normal Retirement Age the benefits accrued from the CS
Plan commencing at Normal Retirement Age. If the benefit paid
from the CS Plan is reduced as permitted or required by law, the
amount of such reduction shall not be included in this offset.

(7) The UPS/IBT Plan will also provide eligible employees with a
monthly disability benefit or lump sum disability benefit (based on
age and years of service).
(8) The UPS/IBT Plan will be governed by the terms of the plan
document and trust agreement, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. Any claims for benefits are subject to resolution
solely through the UPS/IBT Plan administrative claims process.
(9) All applicable Local Unions will be provided with a competent
and knowledgeable Company contact person with a working phone
number to assist employees with questions and concerns related to
the UPS/IBT Pension Plan.
Section 3— Local Unions Nos. 22, 29, 171, 322 and
822 Health and Welfare
(a) Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer shall contribute to the
Teamsters Joint Council No. 83 Health and Welfare Fund the sum
of $426.10 per week for each regular employee covered by this
Agreement who is domiciled in the jurisdiction of Local Unions
Nos. 22, 29, 171, 322 and 822.
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension
shall be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1,
2023 and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract. Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental
Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall
otherwise apply.
(b) By the execution of this Agreement, the Employer agrees to
enter into appropriate trust agreements necessary for the administration of such fund, and to designate the Employer Trustees under
such agreement, hereby waiving all notice thereof and ratifying all
actions already taken or to be taken by such Trustees within the
scope of their authority.
(c) If an employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury
and notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue to make the required contributions for a period of four (4)
weeks. If an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall
continue to pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work; however, such contributions shall not be paid for a
period of more than twelve (12) months.
(d) Contributions to the health and welfare fund must be made for
each week on each regular or laid off regular employee who works
at least one (1) day in that week under the provisions of this Agreement, including weeks where work is performed for the Employer
but not under the provisions of this Agreement and although contributions may be made for those weeks into some other health and
welfare fund.
(e) When a leave of absence is granted, the employee shall state, in
writing, if they desire health and welfare coverage during the full
period of the leave of absence. If the employee elects not to make
payments direct to the trust office of the health and welfare fund, they
shall have no coverage during the full period of the leave of absence.
If the employee elects in writing to be covered under the health and
welfare fund, they shall make contributions direct to the trust office
of the health and welfare fund weekly or monthly in accordance
with the rules of the Trustees beginning with their leave of absence
during the allowable period as provided by the rules of the Trustees.
The Em ployer shall send a copy of the leave of absence to the trust
office of the health and welfare fund as soon as it is granted.
Pension Fund
(f) Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer shall contribute to
Teamsters Joint Council No. 83 Pension Fund the sum of $669.60
per week for each regular employee covered by this Agreement
who is domiciled in the jurisdiction of Local Unions Nos. 22, 29,
171, 322 and 822.
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension
shall be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1,
2023 and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract. Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental

Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall
otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.
(g) By the execution of this Agreement, the Employer agrees to
enter into appropriate trust agreements necessary for the administration of such fund, and to designate the Employer Trustees under
such agreement, hereby waiving all notice thereof and ratifying all
actions already taken or to be taken by such Trustees within the
scope of their authority.
(h) If an employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury
and notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue to make the required contributions for a period of four (4)
weeks. If an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall
continue to pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work; however, such contributions shall not be paid for a
period of more than twelve (12) months.
(i) Contributions to the pension fund must be made for each week
on each regular or laid off employee who works at least one (1) day
in that week under the provisions of this Agreement, including
weeks where work is performed for the Employer but not under the
provisions of this Agreement and although contributions may be
made for those weeks into some other pension fund.
Employees who work either temporarily or in cases of emergency
under the terms of this Agreement shall not be covered by the provisions of this paragraph.
Section 4—Local Union No. 639 Health and Welfare
Effective August 1, 2022 the Employer shall contribute to the
Teamsters 639 Employers Health Trust Fund the sum of $7.67 per
hour for each hour worked by each employee.

Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension shall
be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1, 2023
and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract.
Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint Nat ional Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.
By the execution of this Agreement, the Employer, party to this
Agreement, agrees to enter into appropriate trust agreements necessary for the administration of such fund and to designate the Employer Trustees under such agreement, hereby waiving all notice
thereof and ratifying all actions already taken or to be taken by such
trustees within the scope of their authority.
If a regular full-time employee is absent because of illness or offthe-job injury and notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue to make the required contributions on the basis of a forty (40) hour week for a period of four (4) weeks. If a
regular full-time employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall
continue to pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work; however, such contributions shall not be paid for a
period of more than twelve (12) months. If a regular full-time employee is granted a leave of absence the Employer shall collect
from said employee, prior to the leave of absence being effective,
sufficient monies to pay the required contributions into the health
and welfare fund during the period of absence.
There shall be no deduction from equipment rental of owner operators by virtue of the contributions made to the health and welfare
fund, regardless of whether the equipment rental is at the minimum
rate or more and regardless of the manner of computation of owner-driver compensation.
Contributions to the health and welfare fund must be made in accordance with each Trust Agreement on each regular or extra employee, even though such employee may work only part-time under
the provisions of this contract, including weeks where work is performed for the Employer but not under the provisions of this contract and although contributions may be made for those weeks into
some other health and welfare fund.
The Employer shall continue to make payments to the health and
welfare fund of Drivers, Chauffeurs and Helpers, Local 639, for the
life of this Agreement.
Pension
Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer shall contribute to the
Teamsters 639-Employers Pension Trust Fund the sum of $789.00
per week on each regular full-time employee.
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension shall
be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1, 2023
and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract.
Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint Nat ional Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.
There shall be no other Pension Funds under this contract for operations under this contract.
By the execution of this Agreement, the Employer party to this
Agreement agrees to enter into appropriate trust agreements necessary for the administration of such funds and to designate the Employer Trustees under such agreement, hereby waiving all notice
thereof and ratifying all actions already taken or to be taken by such
Trustees within the scope of their authority.
If a regular full-time employee is absent because of illness or offthe-job injury and notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue to make the required contributions for a period

of four (4) weeks. If a regular full-time employee is injured on the
job, the Employer shall continue to pay the required contribut ions
until such employee returns to work; however, such contribut ions
shall not be paid for a period of more than twelve (12) months. If a
regular full-time employee is granted a leave of absence, the Employer shall collect from said employee prior to the leave of absence
being effective, sufficient monies to pay the required contributions
into the pension fund during the period of absence.
There shall be no deduction from equipment rental of owner operators
by virtue of the contributions made to the pension fund, reg ardless of
whether the equipment rental is at the minimum rate or more and regardless of the manner of computation of owner driver compensation.
Contributions to the pension fund must be made for each week on
each regular or extra employee, even though such employee may
work only part-time under the provisions of this contract, including
weeks where work is performed for the Employer but not under the
provisions of this contract, and although contributions may be
made for those weeks into some other pension fund.
Section 5—Local Union No. 453-Health and Welfare
The Employer agrees to contribute to the Western Pennsylvania
Teamsters and Employers Welfare Fund, as follows:
Effective Per Employee
August 1, 2022 $1978.03 per month
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension shall
be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1, 2023
and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract.
Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.

The Trust Agreement covering the Western Pennsylvania Teamsters and Employers Welfare Fund shall be signed by the Employer
and become a part of this Agreement.
If an employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury and
notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue
to make the required contribution for a period of three (3) months.
If an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall continue to
pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work;
however, such contributions shall not be paid for a period of more
than twelve (12) months. Action for delinquent contributions may
be instituted by either the Local Union, the Area Conference or the
Trustees. Delinquent Employer must also pay all attorneys’ fees
and cost of collection.
Pension
The Employer agrees to continue contributions to the Southwestern
Pennsylvania and Western Maryland Area Teamsters and Employers Pension Fund as follows:
Effective Per Employee
August 1, 2022 $3090.38 per month
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension
shall be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1,
2023 and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract. Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental
Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall
otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.
The Trust Agreement covering the Southwestern Pennsylvania and
Western Maryland Area Teamsters and Employers Pension Fund shall
be signed by the Employer and become a part of this Agreement.

If the employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury
and notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue to make the required contributions for a period of three (3)
months. If an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall
continue to pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work; however, such contributions shall not be paid for a
period of more than twelve (12) months.
Action for delinquent contributions may be instituted by either the
Local Union, the Area Conference or the Trustees. Delinquent Employer must also pay the attorneys’ fees and cost of collection.
Section 6—Local Union No. 175 Health and Welfare
Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer agrees to contribute the
sum of $2334.36 per month to the Employer-Teamsters Local
Union Nos. 175 and 505 Health and Welfare Fund for all regular
employees covered by this Agreement and on the payroll of the
Employer for thirty (30) days or more for an insurance program to
be administered joint ly by the Employer and Unions in compliance
with all applicable State and Federal laws and regulations. Premiums shall be paid on every qualified employee who has worked
thirty (30) or more days and is on the seniority list, provided such
employee shall work five (5) days per month or is on paid vacation.
If an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall continue to
pay the required contribu tions until such employee returns to work;
however, such contribu tions need not be paid for a period of more
than twelve (12) months.
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension
shall be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1,
2023 and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract. Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental
Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall
otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.

If an employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury and
notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue
to make the required contributions for a period of four (4) weeks.
If an employee is granted a leave of absence, the Employer shall
collect from said employee, prior to the leave of absence being effective, sufficient monies to pay the required contributions to the
health and welfare fund during the period of absence.
Contributions to the Employer-Teamsters Local Union Nos. 175 and
505 Health and Welfare Fund must be made monthly on each regular employee as provided herein; however, if the employee is covered under another fund by Union contract, the Employer shall not
be required to pay twice on the same employee for the same month.
Pension
Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer agrees to contribute the
sum of $2413.70 per month to the Employer-Teamsters Local
Union Nos. 175 and 505 Pension Fund for all regular employees
covered by this Agreement who have been on the payroll thirty (30)
days or more for a pension program to be administered jointly by
the Employer and Unions in compliance with all applicable State
and Federal Laws and regulations. Premiums shall be paid on every
qualified employee who has worked thirty (30) days or more and is
on the seniority list provided such employee shall work five (5)
days per month or is on paid vacation.
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension shall
be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1, 2023
and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract.
Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint Nat ional Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.
Compliance with this provision shall supersede the Employer’s obligation to the Union to continue any like program provided at this time

by the Employer for employees covered by this Agreement, further
provided that no employee shall forfeit their accrued interest in any
pension or bonus plan in which the employee is participating now or
at the time this Article becomes effective. There shall be no other pension fund under this Agreement for operations under this Agreem ent.
If an employee is absent because of illness or off-the-job injury and
notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue
to make the required contributions for a period of four (4) weeks.
If an employee is injured on the job, the Employer shall continue to
pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work;
however, such contributions need not be paid for a period of more
than twelve (12) months. If an employee is granted a leave of absence,
the Employer shall collect from said employee, prior to the leave of
absence being effective, sufficient monies to pay the required contributions into the pension fund during the period of absence.
Contributions to the Employer-Teamsters Local Union Nos. 175
and 505 Pension Fund must be made monthly on each regular employee as provided herein; however, if the employee is covered
under another fund by Union contract, the Employer shall not be
required to pay twice on the same employee for the same month.
By the execution of this Agreement, the Employer authorizes the
Employers’ Associations which are parties hereto to enter into appropriate trust agreements necessary for the administration of such fund,
and to designate the Employer Trustees under such agreem ent, hereby waiving all notice thereof and ratifying all actions already taken,
or to be taken, by all such Trustees within the scope of their authority.
Section 7— Local Union No. 355 Health and Welfare
and Pension
Effective August 1, 2022 the Employer shall continue to pay into
the health and welfare fund the amount of $2.22 per hour for each
straight time hour or fraction thereof paid to each employee covered by this Agreement or by subsequent collective bargaining
agreements between the parties hereto, up to but not in excess of

fifty (50) straight time hours in any one workweek in the case of
each employee.
Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer shall contribute $300.80 per
week for each employee covered by this Agreement or subsequent
collective bargaining agreements who shall receive pay during that
week. Effective August 1, 2023, August 1, 2024, August 1, 2025,
August 1, 2026, August 1, 2027, increases to the health and welfare
fund shall be allocated to the above weekly contributions rate. Should
an increase allocated by the Joint National Negotiating Committee be
based on an hourly basis, said figure shall be multip lied by forty (40)
hours and added appropriately to the weekly contribution rate.
Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer agrees to pay into the pension fund the amount of $17.70 per hour for each straight time hour
or fraction thereof paid to each employee covered by this Agreement or by subsequent collective bargaining agreements between
the parties hereto, up to but not in excess of forty (40) straight time
hours in any one workweek in the case of each employee.
It is understood that the Union shall determine during the life of this
Agreement whether to apply future increases to health and welfare
fund or pension fund.
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension shall
be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1, 2023
and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract. Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental Area Negotiating Committee, subject to the approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.
Eastern Shore Teamsters—Health & Welfare
Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer will contribute to the
East ern Shore Teamsters Health and Welfare Fund, Salisbury,
Mary land, $11.15 per hour for each employee covered by this

Agreement, not to exceed forty (40) straight-time hours in any
week for each employee.
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension
shall be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1,
2023 and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract. Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental
Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall
otherwise apply.
Eastern Shore Teamsters—Pension
Effective August 1, 2022, the Employer shall contribute to the Eastern Shore Teamsters Pension Fund, Salisbury, Maryland, the sum
of $645.00 per week on each regular full-time employee.
Employer contributions to the Health and Welfare and Pension shall
be increased a total of fifty cents ($.50) per hour on August 1, 2023
and on each subsequent August 1st during the life of the contract.
Allocations shall be determined by the Joint Supplemental Area Negotiating Committee, subject to approval of the Joint National Negotiating Committee. All provisions of Article 34 shall otherwise apply.
Any dispute in the allocation of Health and Welfare and Pension
money shall be determined and/or resolved by the Joint National
United Parcel Service Negotiating Committee.
There shall be no other Pension Funds under this contract for operations under this contract.
By the execution of this Agreement, the Employer party to this
Agreement agrees to enter into appropriate trust agreements necessary for the administration of such funds and to designate the Employer Trustees under such agreement, hereby waiving all notice
thereof and ratifying all actions already taken or to be taken by such
Trustees within the scope of their authority.
If a regular full-time employee is absent because of illness or offthe-job injury and notifies the Employer of such absence, the Employer shall continue to make the required contributions for a period of four (4) weeks.
If a regular full-time employee is injured on the job, the Employ er
shall continue to pay the required contributions until such employee returns to work; however, such contributions shall not be paid
for a period of more than twelve (12) months. If a regular full-time
employee is granted a leave of absence, the Employer shall collect
from said employee, prior to the leave of absence being effective,
sufficient monies to pay the required contribu tions into the pension
fund during the period of absence.
There shall be no deduction from equipment rental of owner operators by virtue of the contributions made to the pension fund, regardless of whether the equipment rental is at the minimum rate or
more and regardless of the manner of computation of owner driver
compensation.
Contributions to the pension fund must be made for each week on
each regular or extra employee, even though such employee may
work only part-time under the provisions of this contract, including
weeks where work is performed for the Employer but not under the
provisions of this contract, and although contribu tions may be
made for those weeks into some other pension fund.
Section 8
Disputes or questions of interpretation concerning the requirement
to make contributions on behalf of particular employees or classifications of employees must be submitted directly to the Conference Joint Area Committee by either the Local Union or the Trustees. In the event of such disputes or questions, the Company shall
not be deemed to be delinquent, while the matter is being considered, but if the Conference Joint Area Committee, by majority vote,
determines that contributions are required, the Company shall pay
to the Trust Fund the amounts due together with any othe r charges
uniformly applicable to past due contributors. The Con ference
Joint Area Committee may also determine whether the Company’s
claim was bona fide. In the event that the Conference Joint Area
Committee is deadlocked, the matter shall be resolved by the National Grievance Committee. Any dispute in the alloca tion of
Health and Welfare and Pension money shall be determined and/or
resolved by the Joint National United Parcel Service Nego tiating
Committee.
ARTICLE 62
TEAMSTER LOCAL UNIONS
61, 71, 175, 391, 453, 509 AND 697
This Article of the Atlantic Area Supplement to the National Master
United Parcel Agreement for the period August 1, 2023 to July 31,
2028, shall apply exclusively to all maintenance employees in the
classifications listed in Section 7 below, who are employed in the
States of West Virginia and the Cumberland, Maryland Area, North
Carolina and South Carolina. Except as otherwise provided herein,
the provisions of the National Master United Parcel Service Agreement and the Atlantic Area Supplement thereto shall apply to said
employees.
Section 1—Apprenticeship Program
The Company will establish an apprenticeship program approved
by National Automotive.
The apprenticeship program will be designed to allow the apprentice to work and train for the purpose of developing journeyman
skills.
It is agreed that not more than one (1) apprentice be employed in a
shop where there is one (1) journeyman and one (1) additional apprentice be employed for each five (5) journeymen thereafter.
No apprentice may work if a journeyman mechanic is laid off in the
same building.
Should a maintenance employee be laid off from their classification
of work the employee has the option to enter into the apprentice
program at the apprentice program rate of pay, at the next apprentice opening.

Should work once again be available in their classification the employee must return to that work.
Prior to the Company implementing an apprenticeship job, the job
will be offered by seniority to those employees in the trailer shop
classifications. The following wage progression schedule shall cover all employees on the apprenticeship program:
Percent of Current Rate
First six months of employment—60%
Second six months of employment—70%
Third six months of employment—80%
Fourth six months of employment—90%
Upon attaining Journeyman status or twenty-four (24) months of
employment—100%
The Company will review the apprenticeship training program with
the Local Union before implementation.
The current rate is the wage rate in the job classification then being
paid.
Section 2—Tools
(a) The Employer shall furnish all cutting tools such as files, hacksaw blades, electric drills, drills, reamers, creepers, drop cords and
all special tools.
(b) Employees shall be required to furnish their own hand tools
(those tools up to and including one (1) inch in size) if they are
employed to perform work that requires use of same.
Section 3—Call-in Time
Maintenance employees in the classifications listed in Section 7
below shall be guaranteed four (4) hours pay at the applicable overtime rate when called back to work after completing their regular
workday and having left the Company property.

Section 4—Temporary Assignments
When the Employer requires the temporary assignment to another
location of an employee in the classifications listed in Section 7
below, the assignment will be offered in seniority order to those
employees available and qualified to perform the work. The temporary transfers will be limited to the Local Union area within the
district. If no one elects to fill the temporary assignment, the least
senior qualified employee will be required to fill it.
The Employer agrees to pay reasonable costs for meals, lodging
and travel for the duration of the temporary assignment.
Section 5—Seniority
(a) Within thirty (30) days after signing of this Agreement, and at
least quarterly thereafter, the Employer agrees to post an updated
seniority list in each center for each maintenance classification
within that center and a copy furnished to the Local Union. Claims
for corrections to such seniority lists must be made to the Employer
and the Local Union within thirty (30) days after such posting, and
after such time the seniority list will be regarded as correct.
(b) All maintenance employees will be required to remain in the
maintenance classifications and will not be permitted to bid on job
openings outside these classifications.
(c) In case of promotion or layoff of employees covered by this
Supplement, seniority and ability to perform the available work
shall prevail only within the maintenance classifications, except as
specified in Section 5(d).
(d) When on layoff, full-time seniority employees in the order of
their seniority may elect to take the work of part-time employees, if
any, for the duration of the layoff, provided the full-time employee
has more Company seniority than the part-time employee being
displaced, but will be required to be qualified and will receive the
part-time rate as an employee with equivalent seniority.

(e) The Employer agrees to allow a laid off employee from any of
the maintenance classifications listed in Section 7 below to fill a
full-time vacancy or new job in classifications listed in the Atlantic
Area Supplement before hiring a new employee for that job. In the
event of the above, the following conditions will apply:
1. The employee must indicate their intentions to the Employer and
the Union in writing, within seven (7) days after the layoff.
2. The Employer will offer such job only once; if the employee
declines it, they will remain on layoff.
3. The job must be within the same location.
4. The layoff must exceed thirty (30) working days.
5. The employee will have thirty (30) working days to qualify in the
new job, after which the employee will be placed on the seniority list
with the date on which they started working in the new classification.
6. The employee will retain Company seniority only for those benefits based on length of service such as health and welfare, pension
and length of vacation.
7. The employee shall have the option to return to their previous job if
it becomes available within twelve (12) months of the date of layoff.
(f) Whenever a vacancy occurs within the maintenance classification within the Local Union’s jurisdiction, maintenance employees
within the Local Union area shall be permitted to move to that center to fill such vacancy before maintenance employees are hired
from outside sources.
Job vacancies shall not be filled by apprentice employees until the
job has been bid to other qualified maintenance employees in the
Local Union jurisdiction. This bid shall include qualified trailer
shop employees.

After the language above has been exhausted, and on a two (2) for
one (1) basis or by mutual agreement, part-time employees who possess the necessary skills and qualifications required by the Com pany
(including possessing a valid CDL license), will be given the opportunity to fill open vacancies prior to hiring from outside sources.
To be considered for a position, part-time employees with six (6)
months or more seniority on a yearly basis, must submit in writing
to the Company and the Local Union expressing their desire to
qualify for a position in their building. The vacancy will be awarded to the senior part-time employee.
The part­time employee that is awarded the vacancy is subject to
the language as outlined in Article 63 Section 5.
(g) In the event of changes of starting times exceeding one (1) hour,
employees in the classification in the order of their overall seniority
within the operating center, shall be permitted to select such jobs.
In the event that no employee within the classification elects to fill
the new starting time the least senior employee in that classification
will be required to fill the new starting time. In the event an employee elects to select such starting time and this results in a starting time where there is again a spread of over one (1) hour the same
procedure shall be followed.
Starting time changes exceeding one (1) hour in November and December shall not be subject to the job bidding procedure. If the new
starting times become permanent they shall be posted for bid during
January.
(h) Maintenance start time bids shall include required job qualifications, i.e., CDL, etc. All bids will be written and will be posted at
one designated location in each building.
(i) Maintenance employees shall be covered by Article 67 upon loss
of driving license.
(j) If a mechanic loses their DOT card, the following language shall
apply:

If the mechanic is actively pursuing a waiver/exemption with the
DOT, and there is a reasonable expectation that it will be granted, the
employee may work inside pursuant to this section. The mec hanic
will be afforded the opportunity to displace the least senior full-time
or part-time inside employee outside the maintenance classification,
in their location, at such work until they can return to their mechanic
position. This opportunity will only be afforded to a mechanic that is
considered physically fit and qualified to perform the inside jobs.
While performing the inside work, the mechanic will be paid the parttime rate as an employee with equivalent sen iority. If no full-time
position is available, the Employer will meet with the Local Union to
develop a full-time position, if possible out of available work.
In locations where no Local Agreement exists, the following language shall apply: Any full-time maintenance or automotive employee with at least ten (10) years of seniority who meets the Company’s
criteria, may request the opportunity to fill a full-time vacancy in
another classification within the building, only after the part-time seniority employees in that building have been offered the opportunity.
To be considered, the full-time maintenance or automotive employee, on a yearly basis, must submit in writing a letter to the Union
and Company expressing their desire to fill a full-time vacant position in another classification within the building.
The most senior full-time maintenance or automotive employee will
be provided the opportunity to fill the vacant full-time position. If the
full-time maintenance or automotive employee elects to disqualify
themself or is disqualified by the Company, they will not be provided
another opportunity outside their classification for a minimum of two
(2) years and until all other full-time maintenance or automotive employees who have expressed a desire to move to another classification within the building have been provided the opportunity.
Full-time maintenance employees successfully transferring to another classification will be end-tailed on the appropriate seniority
list. The employee will retain Company seniority for the purposes
of the number of weeks of vacation, holiday eligibility, and benefit
purposes only.

Section 6
The Company shall be responsible for replacing employee’s personal tools, which the employee is required by the Company to furnish
themselves, if such personal tools are lost due to proven theft or by
fire or destruction. The Company’s liability shall not exceed the actual replacement of the tool lost or the replacement cost of that tool
lost or destroyed. Employees shall cooperate in safeguarding their
per sonal tools. Each employee must furnish the Company with a
com plete inventory of their personal tools, subject to verification by
the Company and must keep each inventory current. The employee
must keep a copy of such inventory for their own protection.
All Company shop facilities shall be equipped with safety equipment as prescribed by current law relating to safety and health regulations of employees.
Section 7
Classifications 8/1/23 8/1/24 8/1/25 8/1/26 8/1/27
Automotive Mechanic
Plant Maintenance $44.84 $45.59 $46.34 $47.34 $49.59
Mechanic
(Any Combination of Above) $44.84 $45.59 $46.34 $47.34 $49.59
Parts person $44.14 $44.89 $45.64 $46.64 $48.89
The progression for employees entering a mechanic position after
ratification of this agreement will follow Article 41 of the National
Master Agreement.
Full-time employees still in progression on the effective date of the
Master Agreement shall receive the above contractual increases
and will be paid no less than what they are entitled to in accordance
with Article 41.
The top rate is the wage rate in the job classification then being paid.
Journeyman maintenance and automotive mechanics shall receive
the “Doubles Rate” of Pay.

Section 8
The workweek shall be five (5) consecutive days of eight (8) hours
each or, by mutual agreement between the Company and the Union,
mechanics may work four (4) days of ten (10) hours each, and the
hours of labor each day shall be worked in uninterrupted succession.
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING
For the purpose of creating and preserving work opportunities
within the bargaining unit relative to trailer maintenance and repair,
the following understanding has been agreed to between the Teamsters Local 391 and United Parcel Service, hereinafter referred to as
“the parties”.
1. The Greensboro, N.C. Trailer Repair Shop and the employees
employed in the classification of Trailer Repair employee and Utility employee, full-time and part-time will be covered under Article
39 of the National Master Agreement.
2. Employees hired into the Trailer Repair Shop shall work as assigned on any and all duties related to trailer maintenance and repair. They shall be restricted, however, from performing work on
power units. These employees shall be listed on separate seniority
lists, identified as Trailer Repair employee, and Utility employee,
full-time and part-time.
3. The rates of pay and all other provisions in Article 39 of the National Master Agreement will apply to the Greensboro, N.C. Trailer
Repair Shop except as noted below.
(a) Employees hired into the Trailer Repair and Utility classification shall receive the appropriate percentage of any negotiated increase to the top automotive mechanic rate on the date the increase
is effective in accordance with the Atlantic Area Supplement.
(b) Employees gaining seniority within the Trailer Repair and Utility classification will be required to remain in the Trailer Repair and
Utility classification and will not be permitted to bid on job openings outside the Trailer Repair and Utility classification, and in case
of layoff will not be able to exercise their seniority outside this
classification except as provided in 3(c) and 3(d) below.
(c) When apprentice openings occur in the Automotive Mechanic
classification, the Company shall before going to the outside, offer
these openings in seniority order to the employees in the Trailer
Repair classification. When openings occur in the Trailer Repair
classification the Company shall, before going to the outside offer
these openings in seniority order to the employees in the Utility
classification.
When “journeyman mechanic” openings occur in the Greensboro
automotive mechanic classification, the company shall offer these
openings in seniority order to the employees in the trailer repair
classification provided they meet the journeyman requirements of a
new hire which include but are not limited to:
1. Having a valid CDL license
2. Being capable of repairing, maintaining and rebuilding all parts
of automotive equipment while using the proper methods and procedures
3. Satisfactorily complete all required certifications.
(d) The automotive mechanic who elected to move into the Trailer
Repair classification when the Greensboro trailer shop was created
shall:
(1) Be compensated at the rate of pay as specified for automotive
mechanics in the Atlantic Area Supplement.
(2) Be allowed to bid within the Automotive Mechanics classification. However, once such an employee bids out of the Trailer Repair classification, the employee shall not be allowed to bid back in
at any fu ture date.
(3) The Company shall make Health & Welfare and Pension contributions on behalf of all full-time employees who gain seniority

within the Trailer Repair and Utility classification in accordance
with the Atlantic Area Supplement.
(4) The employees in the Trailer Repair and Utility classification
shall enjoy all negotiated benefits relative to vacations, holidays
and sick days as listed in the Atlantic Area Supplement.
(5) It is understood that grievances involving issues covered by this
Letter of Understanding shall be resolved by the parties at the district local level. Any unresolved disputes not covered by this Letter
of Understanding shall be referred to the appropriate grievance procedure as specified by the Atlantic Area Supplement.
(6) This understanding shall remain in effect from contract to contract until renegotiated by the parties signatory to this Letter of Understanding, or their successors.
L. W. Reeder Hershel Fitzgerald
Union Company
ARTICLE 63—PART-TIME EMPLOYEES
Section 1
Part-time employees are defined as employees who, when reporting
to work as scheduled, shall be guaranteed a minimum of three and
one-half (3-1/2) hours. Part-time employees may be worked any
period Sunday through Saturday. Part-time employees working in
any part-time classification over five (5) hours in any shift or combination of shifts will receive overtime after five (5) hours, and/or
for all hours of work in excess of thirty (30) hours in a week. This
will not include part­time employees working as tem porary cover
drivers, helpers, or part-timers covered under Article 40 of the National Master Agreement. All part-time employees who work a
sixth day shall be paid at the straight time rate for the period between February 1st and July 31st. Seniority part-time employees
who work a sixth day shall be paid at the rate of time and one half
(1-1/2) for the period between August 1st and January 31st. Double
time (2) shall be paid when the employee works a seventh (7th) day.

Part-time employees will not be permitted to do delivery driving,
feeder driving or tractor-trailer driving work except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement. Part-time employees will be permitted
to move vehicles within the confines of the Employer’s property
only for the purpose of avoiding delay in their work except when
unassigned drivers are available in the building.
Where part-time employees are used in the car wash classification,
they will be permitted to drive equipment to and from the car wash.
Employees shall be given the opportunity in the order of their seniority to perform extra work available after the completion of their
day’s work provided that such employees are present, available,
and qualified at such time as the work is to be performed. In no
event, may employees displace other employees who have not
completed their assignment.
The Company will recognize seniority within the work group when
it becomes necessary to temporarily move part­time employees to
another area. Employees must be qualified to perform the work.
Section 2— Part-Time Employees
(Regular Temporary Package Drivers)
Seniority part-time employees may work as full-time regular temporary package drivers.
1. The Company agrees that regular temporary package drivers will
be used to cover absentees, vacations, time off due to injuries, and
long term illness in the package classification provided they meet
all Company required qualifications and training.
2. The rate of pay for this job will be determined by the progression
rate of pay as listed in the wage schedule. The starting percent age
will be seventy-five percent (75%). Part-time employees hired prior
to July 1, 1982 shall be slotted into the progression at their present
red-circled rate of pay.
3. When reporting for work as a regular temporary package driver,
the employee shall be guaranteed eight (8) hours pay, as outlined in

Article 52, Section 2. While working as a regular temporary package driver, employees will go through the wage progression outlined in this Agreement. Regular temporary package drivers who
may work one (1) day in a week will be given a full week’s credit
towards progression. If the employee subsequently gets a regular
full-time opportunity and is still in progression, the employee will
slot in at their part-time rate or will continue in progression, whichever is greater.
Regular temporary package drivers will continue to receive all benefits provided for them under the Labor Agreement including parttime Health, Welfare and Pension payments.
4. The number of regular temporary package drivers will be determined in each center based upon previously listed considerations—
the list will be offered to part-time employees in seniority order provided they meet entrance requirements (i.e., licenses, medical, etc.).
5. Any employee who completes the forty (40) day qualifying period as a regular temporary package driver will not have to complete another probationary period when the employee accepts a
full-time driving job. If that employee accepts a regular job prior to
complet ing the probationary period, they will only have to complete the remaining portion of the forty (40) day period.
6. Once the employees qualify, they will be assigned to a specific
center for work opportunities.
a. When it becomes necessary to reduce the work force the least senior employee on the regular temporary package driver list shall be
laid off first. In a building where there are two or more package
centers, the affected regular temporary package driver may displace
the least senior regular temporary package driver in the building.
b. A regular temporary package driver after following 6(a) provisions, not assigned to work as a regular temporary package driver
on a given day, will be offered work on that day as a part-time employee. When work no longer exists (ten (10) working days) in the
center for regular temporary package drivers, they will immediately revert back to their part-time center with all part-time seniority,
including any part-time bid jobs they held under Article 40.
7. It is agreed that regular temporary package drivers will not be
used if full-time seniority employees in the package classification
are on layoff status. Regular temporary package drivers will be
used before hiring from the outside.
8. Regular temporary package drivers will be used during the week
that includes May 15th through the second full week of January
with the following guidelines:
a. Time worked is to replace or augment regular employees for the
reasons stated above.
b. Time worked the week that includes May 15th through the second full week of January will not be used in accruing full-time seniority status.
c. All regular temporary package drivers who are qualified or in
the process of being qualified will be offered work opportunities
before any employee is hired off the street for this work. The Company will post the necessary regular temporary driver list by October 30th of each year for the anticipated package driver hires for
peak season.
d. A regular temporary package driver will be used to replace a fulltime seniority employee or as a non-replacement. If a regular temporary package driver is used for any reason, other than replacing a
seniority employee (excluding November and December) and a
total of thirty (30) days are worked out of a ninety (90) day peri od,
the Company shall add a full-time job, as outlined in this Agreement. The normal six (6) for one (1) process will not be disturbed
by this full-time job.
(1) The definition of non-replacement status is defined as: When the
number of employees worked exceeds the number of employees
who have bid areas.

(2) The Company will be obligated on a six (6) month basis to send to
each Local a record of the use of regular temporary package drivers.
e. After ratification, regular temporary package drivers working in
excess of one (1) year, either singularly or in combination, covering
for a specific person out for either compensation or disability, will
in itself create another full-time opening in that classification and
will be bid under the appropriate Article.
Section 3—Full-Time Inside Vacation Coverage
Vacations for full-time inside employees shall be covered by qualified part-time employees. Selection for this work shall be made by
seniority within each building. When reporting for work each employee shall be guaranteed eight (8) hours at the appropriate fulltime progression rate of pay for the classification of work being
performed. Employees whose current part-time wage rate is greater
than the appropriate progression rate of pay shall receive such rate
until the progression rate of pay exceeds the current part-time rate
of pay. These employees will continue to receive all current parttime benefits including health and welfare and pension benefits.
Section 4—Part-Time Package Driver Helpers
Part-time driver helpers may be used between November 1st
through the second full week of January of any calendar year,
during periods of weather emergencies or volume peaks, and at
customers’ locations where the customer and/or another carrier is
loading or unloading the packages, providing the Local Union is
contacted to explain the reason for and the expected duration. No
tractor-trailer driver will be laid off or displaced from the tractor
trailer classification as a result of this. The Company will use parttime employees to fill part-time helper jobs and will not hire parttime helpers off the street until all seniority part-time requests for
this work are honored. The part-time helper work will be awarded
in seniority order providing that this work would not interfere with
their regular scheduled duties for the workday.
Package driver helpers shall be guaranteed three (3) hours per day,
provided they report at their helper scheduled start time.

Not more than one (1) helper will work from a vehicle with a driver
at any one time. The helper must deliver or pickup packages only in
conjunction with the drivers they are assigned to while on duty.
A helper will normally not be required to work a split shift of helper
work. There may, however, be occasions when an employee may
work more than one shift as a helper in a twenty-four (24) hour period.
This work will be offered in conjunction with the seniority part-timers present job responsibilities. The Company will keep the total
hours worked to around eight (8) hours daily. Should there be occasions where the combined hours exceed eight (8) hours (excluding
November and December), overtime will be paid on all hours worked
in excess of eight (8) hours in that day. The employee will be required
and allowed to perform their regular job assignment. In November
and December overtime will be paid when the total hours exceed
forty (40) hours. Overtime will be computed at the helper rate.
If a helper is scheduled to meet a driver and the driver is late at the
scheduled meet point, the helper hours will commence from the
scheduled time of the meet.
Air employees will be permitted to work as helpers provided the
helper work schedule does not interfere with their present job responsibilities. The employee will be required and allowed to perform their regular job assignment. The Company will keep the total
hours worked to around eight (8) hours daily. In normal situations,
an employee will not be allowed to work more than two (2) shifts
during a workday.
Section 5— Part-Time Employees Transferring to
Full-Time Jobs
After the completion of the Atlantic Area job selection procedures,
the resulting opening will be filled as follows:
The permanent new job or permanent vacancy resulting from the
procedure outlined above will be posted for a period of five (5)
days. Part-time employees with six (6) months or more seniority
may bid on a full-time opening in their building in all months, except November and December, providing they meet the same requirements as applicants for that full-time job. The job will be
awarded to the senior bidding part-time employee.
A. The employee awarded the job must satisfactorily complete a
thirty (30) working day training period (Full-time package driver
positions and regular temporary package driver positions complete
a forty (40) working day training period). A part-timer who
disquali fies themself cannot come out again for two (2) years. If the
Compa ny disqualifies the employee, they can come out nine (9)
months later in an attempt to qualify, if job is available. The above
procedure will be applied on an alternating, six (6) for one (1) basis
(e.g., for every seven (7) jobs, six (6) will be filled as outlined
above and the other from ap plicants from other sources).
B. In locations where no Local Agreement exists, the following language shall apply: By mutual agreement between the Company and
the Union, any part-time employee who meets the Company’s criteria, may request the opportunity to qualify for a full-time position
in another building within the Local Union’s jurisdiction, only after
the part-time seniority employees in that building have been offered the opportunity.
To be considered, the part-time employee, on a yearly basis, must
submit in writing a letter to the Union and Company expressing
their desire to qualify for a full-time position in another building.
After agreement by the Company and the Union, the most senior
part-time employee will be provided the opportunity to qualify for
the full-time position. If the part-time employee elects to disqualify
themself, or is disqualified by the Company, they will not be provided another opportunity outside their home building for minimum of two (2) years or until all other part-time employees who
have expressed a desire to move to another building within the Local Union’s jurisdiction have been provided the opportunity. In order to come out for new job opportunities in the classification for
which they were disqualified within their original center, the employee must wait nine (9) months if disqualified by the Company
and two (2) years if the employee disqualified themselves.

C. Part-time employees successfully transferring to full-time jobs
will be considered as newly hired full-time employees and will be
added to the appropriate seniority list. Their seniority date will be
the day of the transfer. Such employee shall be entitled to take all
earned sick days and personal holidays and will be paid at the rate
of pay in the classification when earned. At the employee’s option
and/or request they may be paid for all days due. If in progression
such employees will be entitled to follow the progression as it pertains to sick days, personal holidays and holidays as outlined in the
Agreement. An employee who has completed the progression rate
and transfers to a full-time position will not be required to go
through progression again.
For vacation and retirement purposes, the employee shall receive
additional seniority credit equal to all time worked as a part­time
employee.
Section 6—Part-Time Job Selection Procedure
Part-time employees will work off the part-time employee seniority
list at each center.
The Employer will fill all vacancies and permanent new jobs for
part-time employees from the part-time selection list in all months
except November and December.
Qualified part-time employees with six (6) months or more of seniority may select permanent vacancies and new permanent jobs on
any shift in the same building in all months except November and
December including preferred jobs on their own or another shift.
Such preferred jobs shall include, but not be limited to, part-time
jobs such as: Preload, Sorter, Clerical, Irregular Train, Hazmat First
Responder, Carwasher, Loader and Unloader. A permanent new job
for the purpose of this Article shall be one that has been in existence
for a period of thirty (30) days.
Pending the job becoming permanent and the operation of the job selection procedure, management shall have the right to assign any employee to perform the work on a temporary basis. This job select ion

procedure shall be limited to three (3) moves—the original opening
and two (2) others. The Company will fill the fourth (4th) opening.
Part-time employees with six (6) months or more seniority shall have
the right to place their name on the list of employees waiting to be
moved to a preferred job within their building. Such preferred jobs
shall include, but not be limited to: Preload, Sorter, Clerical, Irregular
Train, Designated Responder, Carwasher, Loader and Unloader. Employees do not have the right to select any specific unit, load or work
station unless a prior past practice has been established.
Employees do not have the right to select any specific unit, load or
work station unless specifically provided in the applicable Supplement, Rider or Addendum or an established practice thereunder.
All eligible qualified part-time employees shall be afforded the opportunity to put their name on the list of qualified employees waiting to be moved to a different shift or an upgrade classification.
The car wash classification shall be considered a separate classification for bidding purposes. Each shift will have a separate list by
classifications. An eligible qualified part-time employee may sign
their name and seniority date to any and all lists, but will be limited
to three (3) moves per year. The jobs will be awarded in seniority
order, on the Monday following the permanent vacancy or the job
being declared permanent in accordance with the limitation described in the preceding paragraph. Employees who fail to qualify
or refuse an opening may remain on the list for future openings.
Employees desiring to move to sorter and preload jobs must be
pre-qualified for that job.
Up to fifty percent (50%) of the preloaders in any preload operation
shall be allowed to change their classification in any twelve (12)
month period for any reason.
When the job selection procedure is applied and the result of this
procedure is causing a disruption of the operation, the Local Union
and the District Manager will immediately meet to work out a proper
method to resolve the problem. If they fail to do so, the matter will be

immediately referred to the Director of the Parcel and Small Package
Trade Division or their designee and the appropriate UPS Vice President party to this Agreement, or their designee, to resolve the matter.
Section 7—Reduction in Work Force
After a one (1) day layoff, part-time employees who are removed
from their jobs as a result of a reduction in the work force may elect
to displace the most junior part-time employees in the building if
qualified.
Section 8
After following the Atlantic Area reduction of force procedure, the
following shall apply:
After a one (1) day layoff, full-time seniority employees who may
be subject to layoff may in the order of their seniority elect to take
the work of part-time employees, if any, for the duration of the
layoff provided the full-time employee has more Company seniority than the part-time employee being displaced.
In such case, the employee will be provided with eight (8) continuous hours of work (unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the
Company and the Union) at the appropriate rate for the classification of work performed, except that:
A. If the laid off employee displaces a part-time employee and continues to perform the same work as their full-time assignment, the
employee will continue to receive their regular wage rate.
B. If in the building there is a part-time employee receiving a higher wage rate than the rate of the displaced part-time employee(s),
the full-time employee will receive such higher rate. However, if as
a result of C below, another laid off employee receives more than
the employee covered herein, this employee will receive the same
rate as the employee covered in C.
C. Employee(s) in progression will continue to receive their regu lar
rate of pay.

D. The two (2) most junior employees in each center hired after
ratification will be guaranteed eight (8) hours per day which may or
may not be continuous.
The provisions of this Section shall not apply:
1. During the first three (3) days of emergencies beyond the Employer’s control such as fire, flood, snow storm, power failure,
T.O.F.C. delays.
2. During strikes against UPS or other companies which require a
reduction of the work force.
Section 9—Wages
(a) Part-time Employees
(1) All part-time employees who have attained seniority as of August
1, 2023 will receive the following general wage increases for each
contract year. The total wage increase for each year will be as follows:
2023 two dollars and seventy-five cents ($2.75)
2024 seventy-five cents ($0.75)
2025 seventy-five cents ($0.75)
2026 one dollar ($1.00)
2027 two dollars and twenty-five cents ($2.25)
(2) Any seniority part-time employee below twenty-one dollars
($21.00) after the application of the general wage increase shall be
raised to the minimum of twenty-one dollars ($21.00) and shall
thereafter be eligible for the above general wage increases and the
one-time longevity increase below.
(3) After application of the GWI and the minimum twenty-one dollar ($21.00) rate, the following one-time longevity increases shall
become a part of the applicable employee’s base wage rate, based
on their original hire date:
Five (5) up to ten (10) years of service (YOS)—fifty cents
($0.50) per hour
Ten (10) up to fifteen (15) YOS—one dollar ($1.00) per hour
Over fifteen (15) YOS—one dollar and fifty cents ($1.50) per hour.

The applicable longevity increase will be applied for each eligible
employee on August 1, 2023.
For example, if an employee’s date of hire is August 1, 2002, effective August 1, 2023 the employee will receive the two dollar and
seventy-five cent ($2.75) general wage increase and the one dollar
and fifty cent ($1.50) per hour longevity wage increase based on the
accrued twenty-two (22) years of service.
(b) Newly hired part-time employees
All part-time employees, who are hired or reach seniority after August 1, 2023 will be paid according to the following progression:
Start $21.00
Twelve (12) months $21.50
Twenty-four (24) months $22.00
Thirty-six (36) months $22.50
Forty-eight (48) months $23.00
The start rate for part-time employees hired after August 1, 2027
shall be increased to twenty-three dollars ($23.00). Employees already in progression shall be raised to twenty-three dollars ($23.00)
on August 1, 2027.
(c) The wage rates and increases provided in (a) and (b) shall be a
minimum.
Package Driver Helper Rate of Pay shall be $17.00 per hour for
new hires. For all seniority employees, the Package Driver Helper
rate shall be the prevailing part-time rate as outlined in Article 22.5
of the National Master Agreement.
Section 10—Health and Welfare
(a) For those full-time or part-time employees who have received
health and welfare benefits from the Company Health & Welfare
Plan, benefits on and after January 1, 2019 will be provided by the
Central States Health & Welfare Fund (CSH&W Fund), under the
terms set forth in Article 34 of the National Master Agreement. The

Company will continue to provide health & welfare benefit coverage under the existing plan through December 31, 2018.
(b) Part-time and full-time employees covered by a Teamster
Health and Welfare Fund will continue to be covered by those
funds.
(c) Any eligible employee covered by this Section who retires effective January 1, 2019 or thereafter shall be provided retiree medical benefits through the CSH&W Fund.
(d) Current retirees who are receiving benefits through a UPS
sponsored plan shall receive coverage on and after January 1, 2019
under the terms of the Memorandum Concerning UPS Sponsored
Plans, attached to the National Master Agreement.
Section 11—Pension
The Employer shall provide pension benefit coverage to part-time
employees under the terms and conditions as may be contained in
the United Parcel Service Pension Plan as required by law.
The Company and the Union agree that they will undertake to attempt to establish appropriate reciprocity agreements and to maintain all existing reciprocity agreements to protect the pension rights
of employees.
UPS Part­time Pension Plan
(1) The UPS Pension Plan, covering only part-time employees
working in areas where part­time employees are not covered by
Teamster Pension Plan, will be improved to provide monthly benefits for a part-time employee with 750 paid hours of Credited Service per year.
The benefit formula in the UPS Pension Plan for current or future
part-time employees who are participants will be increased effective August 1, 2004 to fifty-five dollars ($55.00) for each year of
past and future Credited Service to a maximum of 35 years of Credited Service. The benefit formula in the UPS Pension Plan for current or future part-time employees who are participants will be increased solely for purposes of the monthly accrued benefit, effective
August 1, 2008 to sixty dollars ($60) for each year of future Credited Ser vice to a maximum of 35 years of Credited Service. If a
participant is in Covered Employment on August 1, 2008, they
shall receive the sixty dollars ($60) benefit formula for the entire
2008 plan year.
Effective August 1, 2023 the benefit formula in the UPS Pension
Plan for current or future employees will be increased to sixty-five
dollars ($65.00) for each year of future Credited Service to a maximum of 35 years of Credited Service. If a participant is in Covered
Em ployment on August 1, 2023, they shall receive the sixty-five
dollars ($65.00) benefit formula for the entire 2023 plan year.
The total monthly service pension benefit will be equal to the following, provided the employee meets the credited service requirem ent.
$2450 for retirement at any age after 35 years of part-time
Credited Service
$2100 for retirement at any age after 30 years of part-time
Credited Service
$1750 for retirement at age 60 with 25 years of part-time
Credited Service
$1450 for retirement at any age with 25 years of part-time
Credited Service
(Based on $58.00 per year of Credited Service.)
(2) Part-time employees will receive one (1) year of Credited Service for 750 or more paid hours. (Six (6) months of part-time Credited Service will be granted for 375 to 500 hours worked in a calendar year, and nine (9) months of part-time Credited Service will be
granted for 501 to 749 hours worked in a calendar year.) This paragraph will also be applied to determine Credited Service for all
full-time employees on the payroll on August 1, 2002 who were
formerly participants in the UPS Pension Plan.

(3) The Employer will be responsible for funding the UPS Pension
Plan as required to provide for benefits. The Plan will be governed
by the terms of the Plan document.
(4) Effective August 1, 2002, the Employer will grant additional
years of Credited Service in accordance with the terms of the Plan to
all full-time and part-time employees on the payroll on August 1,
2002, who worked for UPS after they were 21 but were denied Credited Service solely because the UPS Pension Plan required that an
employee be age 25 or older to participate in the UPS Pens ion Plan.
When a part-time employee successfully transfers to full-time, they
will be provided, upon request, a personal profile of their United
Parcel Service Company Pension Plan.
(5) The Company will amend the UPS Pension Plan to allow an
employee with an hour of service in covered employment on or
after August 1, 2023 to become a participant on the January 1 or
July 1 (whichever is earlier), after reaching age 21 and completing
a 12 month period of employment beginning on their hire date, or
any subsequent calendar year, in which they earned at least 375
hours of service. In addition, in order to receive any retroactive
benefit service as a result of the change, the employee’s primary job
as of August 1, 2023 must be a part-time position. The Pension Plan
will also be amended to reduce the number of hours of service required to earn a vesting year from 750 to 375. This paragraph does
not change how benefit service is accrued.
Section 12
Any claimed abuses of this Article with respect to the use of parttime employees shall be subject to the grievance procedure.
ARTICLE 64—PAY PERIOD
All regular employees covered by this Agreement shall be paid in
full each week. Not more than one (1) week’s pay shall be held on
an employee. Each employee shall be provided with a statement of
total hours and gross earnings and an itemized statement of all deductions made for any purpose. Payroll checks shall be in sealed
envelopes. Any employee leaving the Company will be paid on
their next scheduled payday.
ARTICLE 65—MAINTENANCE OF STANDARDS
Section 1—Protection of Conditions
The Employer agrees that all conditions of employment relating to
wages, hours of work, overtime differential, and general working
conditions, as negotiated or agreed upon, shall be maintained at not
less than the highest standards in effect at the time of the signing of
this Agreement and the conditions of employment shall be improved wherever specific provisions for improvements are made
elsewhere in this Agreement.
It is agreed that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to inadvertent or bona fide errors made by the Employer or the Union in
applying terms and conditions of this Agreement.
ARTICLE 66—SUBCONTRACTING
For the purpose of preserving work and job opportunities for the employees covered by this Agreement; the Employer agrees that no
work or services presently performed by or hereafter assigned to the
collective bargaining unit will be subcontracted, transferred, leased,
assigned or conveyed in whole or in part to any other plant, person or
non-unit employees, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement.
No owner-operators shall be employed and the Employer may not
sell or transfer, directly or indirectly, to any employee any equipment or enter into leasing arrangement with any employees for the
operation of equipment owned by it.
ARTICLE 67—LEAVE OF ABSENCE
Section 1—Time Off for Union Activities
The Employer agrees to grant the necessary time off, without discrimination or the loss of seniority rights and without pay, to any

employee designated by the Union to attend a labor convention or
serve in any capacity on other official business provided forty-eight
(48) hour’s written notice is given to the Employer by the Union,
specifying length of time off. The Union agrees that, in making its
request for time off for Union activities, due consideration shall be
given to the number of employees affected in order that there shall
be no disrup tion of the Employer’s operation due to lack of available employees.
Section 2—Leave of Absence
Any employee desiring leave of absence from their employment
shall secure written permission from both the Union and Employer.
The maximum leave of absence shall be for ninety (90) days and
may be extended for like periods. Permission for same must be secured from both the Union and Employer. During the period of absence, the employee shall not engage in gainful employment, except as provided in Section 3 below. Failure to comply with this
provision shall result in the complete loss of seniority rights for the
employees involved. Inability to work because of proven sickness
or injury shall not result in the loss of seniority rights.
It is understood that maternity leave for employees shall be granted
with no loss of seniority for such period of time as their doctor shall
determine that they are physically unable to return to their normal
duties. The employee must make suitable arrangements in writing for
continuation of health and welfare and pension payments before the
leave may be approved by either the Local Union or the Employer.
Section 3
A driver whose driving permit has been revoked is obligated to
notify the Company before their next scheduled report, after being
notified of said revocation.
When a driver’s permit has been revoked for reasons other than those
for which the employee can be discharged by the Employer, leave
shall be granted for such time as their permit has been revoked, but
not to exceed thirty (30) months. An employee whose driver’s permit
has been revoked, but for not more than thirty (30) months, shall be

offered non-driving jobs, where such jobs are available at the prevailing rate of pay for the classification of work the employee performs.
Said employee will not be permitt ed to replace another full-time employee, regardless of seniority, but the employee may displace the
most junior part-time employee in their location or be offered available work before it is assigned to new employees. An employee who
loses their driving privilege due to alcohol or drugs will not be allowed to bump present employees, however, they shall be of fered all
available work including different shifts, before hiring new employees. In the event an employee shall suffer a suspension or revoc ation
of their chauffeur’s license because of a succession of local, state or
federal violations, caused by the employee complying with their Employer’s instructions to them, the Employer shall provide employment
for such employee at not less than their regular earnings at the time of
such suspension for the entire period thereof subject, however, to the
seniority and layoff provisions applicable to them at the time of such
suspension. Successions referred to above shall not include any points
or citations accrued toward suspension or revocation which are accumulated when the employee is not following Employer’s instructions.
An employee shall be permitted to take a leave of absence for the
purpose of undergoing treatment of an approved program for alcoholism. The leave of absence must be requested prior to the commission of any act subject to disciplinary action. Such leave of absence shall be granted on a one-time basis and shall be for a
maximum of sixty (60) days unless extended by mutual agreement.
While on such leave, the employee shall not receive any of the benefits provided by this Agreement, Supplements, or Riders except
the continued accrual of seniority nor does this provision amend or
alter the disciplinary provisions.
ARTICLE 68—SICK LEAVE
Seniority employees shall receive five (5) days sick leave with pay
as follows:
Seniority date plus twelve (12) months—one (1) sick day
Seniority date plus eighteen (18) months—one (1) sick day

Seniority date plus twenty-four (24) months—All sick days as provided herein for that entitlement year.
Employees in progression will continue in progression.
Option 1: An employee who has not used the five (5) days sick
leave with pay shall be paid the appropriate number of days pay the
first pay period following Christmas or such other time as the employee may request. This shall be construed to mean forty (40)
hour’s pay for full-time employees or twenty (20) hour’s pay for
part-time employees.
Option 2: An employee who does not use Option 1 may combine
the five (5) days and schedule an additional one (1) week of vacation in its place. This shall be construed to mean forty (40) hour’s
pay for full-time employees and twenty (20) hour’s pay for parttime employees. This week shall be bid on a separate schedule.
Option 3: Employees will be paid sick leave in one (1) day increments upon request.
Option 4: Sick Leave Accumulation
Employees may accumulate their unused sick days for illness or
injury while under doctor’s care. In the event the sick days are
used, payment shall be at the current rate. All unused sick days will
be paid at the current rate of pay. It is agreed that the conditions
listed above will not result in abuse or interference with the Employer’s operation.
All tractor­trailer drivers who are bid to runs assigned a single trailer will receive the single rate of pay for all sick days.
All tractor­trailer drivers who are bid to runs assigned to double
trailers will receive the double rate of pay for all sick days. Trac tortrailer drivers who bid on cover jobs will be paid sick leave based
on the single or double rate, depending on which pay scale the employee has earned the majority of the time during the preceding
twelve (12) month period.

Seniority employees who leave the employment of UPS shall be
paid sick days on a pro-rata basis.
ARTICLE 69—TERM OF SUPPLEMENT
The terms of this Supplemental Agreement are subject to and controlled by all provisions of Article 45 of the National Master United
Parcel Service Agreement between the parties hereto.
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING
The Company shall make a good faith effort to reduce the occurrences of forcing an employee to work on an approved personal
holiday. If an employee feels their approved personal day was unreasonably denied, they may file a grievance protesting the Company’s decision. If necessary, the Business Agent and Labor Manager
will meet with the Employer and Union panel co-chairmen at the
next regularly scheduled Atlantic Area Parcel Grievance Committee Panel for review and resolution.

